reviews	PR
This product so far has not disappointed. My children love to use it and I like the ability to monitor control what content they see with ease.	USB-C Charging Cable
great for beginner or experienced person. Bought as a gift and she loves it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Inexpensive tablet for him to use and learn on, step up from the NABI. He was thrilled with it, learn how to Skype on it already...	Google Phone
I've had my Fire HD 8 two weeks now and I love it. This tablet is a great value.We are Prime Members and that is where this tablet SHINES. I love being able to easily access all of the Prime content as well as movies you can download and watch laterThis has a 1280/800 screen which has some really nice look to it its nice and crisp and very bright infact it is brighter then the ipad pro costing $900 base model. The build on this fire is INSANELY AWESOME running at only 7.7mm thick and the smooth glossy feel on the back it is really amazing to hold its like the futuristic tab in ur hands.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my grand daughter when she comes over to visit. I set it up with her as the user, entered her age and name and now Amazon makes sure that she only accesses sites and content that are appropriate to her age. Simple to do and she loves the capabilities. I also bought and installed a 64gig SD card which gives this little tablet plenty of storage. For the price I think this tablet is best one out there. You can spend hundreds of dollars more for additional speed and capacity but when it comes to the basics this tablets does everything that most people will ever need at a fraction of the cost.	Wired Headphones
This amazon fire 8 inch tablet is the perfect size. I purchased it for my husband so that he has a bigger screen than just his phone. He had gotten me one a few years ago so I knew it would be a good purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for e-reading on the go, nice and light weight, and for the price point given, definitely worth the purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I gave this as a Christmas gift to my inlaws, husband and uncle. They loved it and how easy they are to use with fantastic features!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great as a device to read books. I like that it links with my borrowed library e-books. Switched from another popular tablet brand and I am happy with the choice I made. It took some time to get books from my previous non-Kindle reader, but finally figured out a way!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love ordering books and reading them with the reader.	Wired Headphones
Not easy for elderly users cease of ads that pop up.	Google Phone
Excellent product. Easy to use, large screen makes watching movies and reading easier.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wanted my father to have his first tablet and this is a very good value. He can watch movies and play a few games. Easy enough for him to use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Simply does everything I need. Thank youAnd silk works wonders	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it as a present and love the size of the screen	Lightning Charging Cable
The kindle is easiest to use, graphics and screen crisp, clear, brilliant colors.	Apple Airpods Headphones
nice reader. almost perfect for what i want/need. good bargain	USB-C Charging Cable
I really like this tablet. I would have given 5 stars but sometimes you have to push start several times after you unlock the screen and it is a little annoying.	Google Phone
Great video quality lots of fun apps fun for the whole family	USB-C Charging Cable
Love love love my kindle fire 8.....this is what my 9 yr old granddaughter said when I bought this for her at Christmas..we have purchased kindled in the past but this one has been the best....love the fact that you can now use a memory card in it...that helps so much when you use it for books...games...music and viedos...thanks	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent tablet with nice screen. I wish Amazon would pre install the play store, this would have been perfect.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Preloaded with the reading app from Kindle but expandable with other apps. Perfect for travel. Carry your library, games and productivity apps in a small footprint.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very happy with this product and easy to use..picture is clear, takes great pictures..	Apple Airpods Headphones
"My grandchildren are home schooled and utilize the tables for many learning apps! They LOVE using them as it makes them feel ""so grown up""! The tablets are a great leaning tool and they are receiving many benefits from them!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great size, easy to carry for traveling. Need to spend more time Looking into apps for contact manegement, interactive calenders and most important, music storage and use.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this when my last tablet died. It meets all basic needs and the price was great.	iPhone
Perfect for downloading and reading books !! Perfect size and has a nice, bright screen.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was surprised when I learned of the capabilities of this device. Now my husband has more access to his desktop and I am doing things which I couldn't on his device.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got it for my son. Its user friendly and durable.	Flatscreen TV
The visual quality on the Fire 8 HD is amazing. It runs very fast and is easy to use, very durable.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If your looking for a affordable gift this is it!.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great tablet for the price, would recommend it to anyone looking for a basic tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great. Love the portability of books. Overall great product	Google Phone
I am still learning all the things I can do with my new Kindle Fire. It is so much better (lighter in weight and easier to use) than my old tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
Just the right size for reading books and playing some games.	20in Monitor
I love everything about this tablet! The imaging is sharp and clear. It's fast and light weight. Love it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Overall a nice product for traveling purposes Value for money	Google Phone
My children love this table great quality of pictures, excellent camera	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought 3 tablets and my family was not disappointed.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet fast screen good size never gives me problem	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my 87 year old grandmother who wanted to be able to play games and read books from the library. My aunt lives with her and can help her use it so its perfect for that type of user. After playing with It, I would consider it for just about anyone other than a hardcore user that wants the latest and greatest tech. if you are tech saavy, you can do more with these Fire tablets than advertised.	Wired Headphones
This is exactly what the person wanted as a gift and she enjoys using it.	Wired Headphones
Does all basic functions of a tablet. Hardcore users may want an iPad.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Works great for a simple tablet. Not a huge fan of the silk browser but it could be worse! I am very happy with my purchase!	USB-C Charging Cable
It's fast and easy to use. This is my second kindle fire .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
More flexibility than a Kindle and bigger screen. Like it because I can surf the web and download and read books.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the money you cannot beat this tablet. Full of features, picture quality is great, and very fast speed while using the internet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to use, solid build, sharp HP screen for movies. Who needs more?	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet is perfect for beginners who just want basic	Lightning Charging Cable
this is my first tablet .. love it .. actually read my first e-book on it .. large screen, easy to read & play games .. fits nicely in my purse	USB-C Charging Cable
This 8 inch Fire is definitely better than the cheaper 7 inch. It works fine enough for teens to play games and watch movies.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for under $100. Does not have the highest specs, but gets the job done for lite tablet users.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased the kindle fire because I needed a entertainment only device for long flights. This device is the perfect size for travel and easy to use and set up with your Amazon account. It is worth purchasing a Fire tablet if you are an Amazon Prime member. If not, I would not recommend it because the available apps are limited . My only complaint about this device is that if it freezes it is difficult to reset.	LG Dryer
This fire tablet has long battery life. Reasonable fast	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my wife and she loves it. She had the previous generation and this one is a giant keep forward.	iPhone
Sleek packaging easy set up and great for anyone who wants a e reader with more to offer.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Best and most affordable option of all the Kindle devices available.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I did not want to get a new kindle but my old one would not charge or show a charge anymore. I could not depend on it for any length of time so I finally broke down and bought a new one. I am very happy with this one. I was afraid I would lose my music and photos since not all came from the Amazon store. However, everything I had on the old kindle transferred to the new one. I am still learning all about it but so far so good.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My daughter likes this tablet to play her online games!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to figure out and used it extensively on my vacation.	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent tablet to leave at my easel and display reference photos. It's light enough to velcro to a articulating stand (so I can position the tablet right next to my canvas). It's cheap enough to not worry about. I love it, for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this wanting for books comics and movies and it has not disappoint ever since	Lightning Charging Cable
My 4 year old Grandson loves his Kindle. He had to have one after his sister got one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use. As a beginner I found this pad very good. Enjoy the kindle app.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This Kindle does what I need it to do. The camera could be better but overall I am pretty happy with my purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this for my daughter to do more reading. It has so much more options for her if she wants.	Flatscreen TV
this is a great tablet for the price. my kid loves it ,does alot reading on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was really hoping that this would be faster than some other inexspensive tablets I've had. I mainly use it for email though and it does the job.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought as a Christmas gift for someone. I bought iPad as well. Will update when it's used.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the price. It is easy to navigate.	27in FHD Monitor
I believe that this will be very useful during my husbands recovery from foot surgery.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is something that is useful if your looking for something to take along trips	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a wonderful device. I love the extra capabilities and apps.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Decent tablet. Access to kindle and pretty much all your google apps.	Wired Headphones
I am very happy with this tablet. The worst thing is that my steals it all the time. Lol	Lightning Charging Cable
A family member has vision problems. They had seen/used the Kindle of another family member - especially the ability to scale text. This device will make it possible to read, which she has had extreme difficulty doing.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy setup and connect to WIFI. Great viewing area. Easy to read in bright places.	Google Phone
I got this fire for my friend who wants to buy kindle..this serves both Kindle and Tab... very nice and very cheap..worth for what i paid.. I highly recommend this for beginners	USB-C Charging Cable
Really enjoyed the price value of this tablet versus ipad	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazing tablet with fast processor. It looks great... got good deal	ThinkPad Laptop
We got this for our 5 year old and this is really great for the price. Works like a charm!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I find it easy to use, but the kindle does not come with instructions, so you have to find your way around.	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this because I was tired of watching Youtube and Twitch on my phone. Excellent display sound is decent-not great but you can always buy a speaker. The negatives are-it is definitely a fingerprint magnet, and the Spectrum TV app is AWFUL-the app works fine on my phone, but for some reason on this tablet it freezes and is unusable. All things considered, for 65 bucks it's hard to be beat.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet. The battery life last a long time. I use my Amazon Kindle Fire predominately for watching movies on Amazon Prime, Netflix's, and checking my emails. I also carry it to my appointments and meetings. It is a compact tablet, and not big and bulky. The playback of the movies are great, and the movies are HD. Great little tablet if you are looking for something to watch movies and checking emails. I would definitely recommend this tablet to friends and family members.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves this kindle, she does so much with it,well worth the money.	USB-C Charging Cable
Was looking for a tablet that was highly portable & could run my DIRECTTV app & stream videos. (Other electronics I have are much older versions). Salesman recommended this model to me based on personal experience. I am still learning all its functions but so far it seems easy to use & is doing what it promised to do.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is my second Fire, the other one is now retired. I like having HD. Works just fine.	Wired Headphones
My wife bought this for me for my birthday. I enjoy reading biographys which usually have color photos. The regular Kindle make the pics black and white or they're aren't any. This allows me to see the color photos. I also love the night feature when I'm in bed reading. I no longer need a light on to read or need to hold a large book.	Lightning Charging Cable
Thanks to a knowledgeable, low-pressure salesperson, I was ready to buy my first tablet. This one was the right price (on sale) and I have not been disappointed. Every few days I learn more ways to use it besides checking e-mails & checking out library books & audio books. It stays charged for days, even with regular use. I recommend it as an inexpensive and very satisfactory alternative to more expensive tablets.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a great tablet for the price. Don't expect it to be as fast more expensive ones. It's meant for casual use and it does a great job at that. For the price, you can't beat it. Get a nice large microsd card and you don't have to worry about space. It runs a little slow on certain things if you are multitasking but it's a simple tablet. I've run plenty of 720p videos without fail. It's great for ebooks or other files. Some more elaborate pdfs take a while to load if they have a lol of graphics. Battery life seems good for a small table too.The only real Issue I have is the Amazon App store being limited. It is an offshoot of Android but not all the same apps are available. There is a way around it but I wish they would just allow it access to Google Play or at least offer the same apps.So, it's a nice inexpensive table that works great. For the money, you will love it but don't get upset that is doesn't run as fast as a $500 tablet. That's not its job.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought it for my 10 yr old granddaughter. Does everything she wants it to do in a tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very easy to use tablet. Lots of apps and game available.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We love the FreeTime settings for kids on the newer Kindle Fires. I was able to create a login for each of our kids as well as myself and set limits to the amount of device time they are allowed daily (can set to more for weekends if desired). You can set the age restrictions for content also, to avoid inappropriate ads, etc. Once you've downloaded apps, you can choose which ones you want each child to have access to in their profile settings, so if one child is older you can allow them access to something their younger siblings shouldn't have. Basically, I like that I can set their access rights and know they're safe so I don't have to continually monitor every moment. By the way, FreeTime kids settings are available without having to subscribe to their FreeTime app access plan. :)	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tablet, very clear picture. Would buy again.	Google Phone
Good reader which is why I bought it. Ads are annoying.	27in FHD Monitor
It's a mini computer packed in a handheld devise. Applications load quickly and I am able to get my work completed, while riding the commuter rail.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice for a smaller tablet. It's good for Internet surfing.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased as a door prize gift given with a one year Amazon membership. The recipient loves it and says it performs very well. (As a past Amazon Fire user, now i-Pad graduate, I loved my Amazon Fire for more than 4 years without any problems. In fact, I just recycled it on to my son and it runs like a champ).	iPhone
I have 4 other kinds of tables. This the best I have had. I can listen to music, read a book, listen to a book, or watch movies/tv shows.	LG Washing Machine
Great product for the kids gaming apps parental controls to make sure you can monitor kids and prevent unwanted app purchases	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased 2 of these tablets for my 6 and 8 year old. They were a Black Friday special for $59. They are perfect for the apps and games they wanted.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product. Love the Amazon ecosystem. The Freetime subscription is a must	Apple Airpods Headphones
Needed something a bit larger than the 6+ to stream Netflix, this was perfect!	Google Phone
my husband bought this for me as a Christmas present. I couldn't understand why he bought it because I already have a Kindle Fire.Once I opened it and got it going, I loved all it could do plus the graphic is so much colorful than my older Kindle.	ThinkPad Laptop
my grandson-8-loves this --the games and the books!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product and I'm very satisfied with it. I recommend it to other people.	20in Monitor
I purchased this tablet for my niece for Christmas and she love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, responds quickly, great screen brightness.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet but apps limited comparison of other tablets.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Works as we thought it should. NO PROBLEMS. Good buying experience.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We have the smaller one, and been great. This one is even better, because of the size.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I am a prime member & I love this tablet. Very user friendly especially if you are a prime member with amazon. Not real tech savvy so I need all the help I can get to keep things simple & automatic. Great clarity of picture/data. Have a 10"" tablet and wasn't sure about downgrading size (old eyes) but was delighted to see it works fine at 8"" instead of 10"". Also, easier to take around in the smaller size. Highly recommend especially if you subscribe to Amazon and are a prime member. Great benefits!!"	ThinkPad Laptop
Got this for my wife. She loves the bigger screen and the better app management features that this one has over her earlier generation kindle. Definitely worth it!	Wired Headphones
Connects to home WiFi automatically. Many books, and many games. Actually functions like a computer tablet. E-mail is a breeze.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this to replace no-name budget tablet for my daughter. She loves this as it is much faster and has a better display than her old tablet. This is a wonderful value as it is faster, has a better display and sound, is a name brand and cost about the same ... what's not to love about this product?	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"She loves this tablet. It works well unlike her ""bargain"" tablet which she tried to use previously and cost about the same. She likes the sound of it also! She enjoys the free games she downloaded and navigates the wev easily with it."	27in FHD Monitor
It's no iPad, but it's great for Netflix and some app games. I'm not worried about the kids getting their paws on it since it's relatively inexpensive.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Didn't have some of the features I was looking for. Returned it the next day. May be good for others	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. It's speedy when loading books!	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for my wife who reads a lot and truly enjoys the amazon fire.	USB-C Charging Cable
A great Christmas gift, the kids love the gifts...	20in Monitor
Daughter got this as a present. It was easy to set up and display is great. Features allow us to limit her time on games, web, etc. while allowing her unlimited time to read	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have enjoyed just learning how to use it. You're never too old to learn new things.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
bought for husband and he was surprised it does the work he needs it for	LG Dryer
This was a birthday present and it was ideal for a traveler to read ebooks on while on the rood	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"My teenage daughter enjoyed her three year old 7"" Kindle for recreation but wanted a larger screen for word processing. Paired this with a Bluetooth keyboard and she was thrilled."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i Bought this around black friday for $60 hoping it would be awesome... it failed so hard i tried multiple different micro SD cards none of which were recognized and YES i formated them with every format i could think of ... Fat32, NTFS, Fat, Xfat... i even tried to have the tablet do it... didnt work... to make matters worse half the apps i wanted to use werent in the app store and i came to find out that it isnt linked to the normal google play store this tablet has its own app store which is missing many common apps... the main reason i bought this was to play clash of clans and i cant because it wasnt on the app store... i tried to also use aftermarket play stores to play COC but it didnt work... launched and played 1 time but didnt work or update after that... needless to say i returned it and bought a $250 samsung galaxy tab A 10.1 (2016 version) with S-pen and its WAYYYYY better... bottom line you get what you pay for... also hint the s-pen version has an extra 1 GB of ram over the non pen version... so you should get that if you can afford the extra $50...	Apple Airpods Headphones
The People I purchased this for during Christmas Holiday LOVED IT...	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased two of these for my kids, ages 12 and 10. Forget the IPod touch. For the price, this tablet can't be beat! They can download games, books and movies for free all included with my Amazon Prime membership. Awesome!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
my kids enjoy the Fire HD and they love the picture quality	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought two of these tablets for my nieces for Christmas after we had originally bought the Amazon fire 7 inch which had a virus after 3 days of purchase and was unable to work good thing we played with it prior to giving as gift do to this being said I was very surprised on how well this tablet has held up to to not so careful 8 years olds playing with it daily we have had no problems screen is big enough for little hands to maneuver and see on was the highlight of there Christmas and still is would definitely recommend it	Lightning Charging Cable
Really like the updates this product has in comparison to my first one	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Functionality and ease of use are outstanding right out of the the box. Super clear screen and weight is minimum and is a joy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is great for kids and adults who have little to no knowledge of computers. It handles easily and has plenty of storage	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My god sister has been using these for years.What to read more!	Wired Headphones
"The latest Amazon 8"" HD tablet is a very good tablet for the price. The updated processor and extra memory (with expansion slot) allow for very good performance on all that we use this tablet for. Netflix, Hulu, browsing the internet, and doing e-mails all work very smoothly. Would recommend to anyone looking for a very cost effective tablet"	Macbook Pro Laptop
totally worth the money, has all the apps I use on a daily basis!	Flatscreen TV
Good tablet. Wife loves it and would recommend....	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I use mine mainly for its bigger screen. I do all the same things i do on my phone..but love the big screen. I bought one for eaxh of my nieces too. And they both love theres. Making videos..playing music..reading books. They bith love them! Im happy i got them for all of us. And always reccomend them to my friends for their kids too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon Fire HD8 is a great product for the price. I picked it up for $69 during the holiday shopping season. Replacing a 1st gen Samsung Tab 2. This thing is sooo much faster. Perfect size for reading Kindle books , emails, and doing the social media thing.	20in Monitor
It was a good gift for the price and had many features and options	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not as fancy as the ipad, but a fraction of the cost works well with android system and all apps like on our android phones, cant beat the price	Wired Headphones
My kids can play, read, watch movies and much more love it!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for reading books, but the bluetooth is hard to get working and there are much better tablets for games and movies	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this Kindle!! I am biased I think however I have had 3 previous ones I prefer Kindles to any other tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for kids. I love that their time on the tablet can be restricted.	iPhone
Easy to use. Good size. Great eReader. Not so expensive that I worry about my kids using it.	Wired Headphones
This Tablet was purchased for our Grandmother so she could play games and read books on.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought a few of these for Christmas gifts .Everyone is happy !Its a great device for the $$. Low price, and great quality as always from FIRE devices.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this item for my husband and he has liked reading Kindle books on it and the other features like Silk, etc. Light little tablet with good features.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for our year end holiday party raffle prize pool. Great price and people always have a use for an amazon tablet. Came with Kaspersky for free as well, which is a pretty generous complimentary add on.	USB-C Charging Cable
My 6 yr old daughter got this tablet from Santa for Christmas. So far she loves it, a little too much perhaps.. I only use it to manage her account/permissions and so far haven't had any issues with it.. Software and HW not quite as refined as apple iPad products, but what can you expect at the lower price point.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
my opinion its a good option for the cost. Not as great as Apple Ipad, but it costs so much less. Still can get good use	20in Monitor
Has many educational apps I would definitely go into the settings if you're a mother like me who Is a very strict of what your children watch on TV or what games and apps they download I would definitely recommend setting the parental controls before giving it to them. In my personal opinion as a mother I feel it helps by setting the restrictions/content on It helps keep their mind away from the gutter Bcuz most apps and Internet websites have inappropriate sites children should not be watching. We can't control what they put on the Internet but we can control what our children watch and download they stay very occupied on educational apps ,read books most of these apps are free to I also recommend NOT putting a payment method option other than that my kids loved it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
the hd feature is what sold me on this product, along with the fact its a lotmore streamline than the older version that I have	Lightning Charging Cable
Very nice for light internet browsing, keeping on top of email, viewing videos, and reading e books, which I like to get free from the library. Good browser, good battery power, fast charge. Very relaxing to sit in a comfy chair and read or browse. Has given me hours of enjoyment and information for a minimal price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my wife to replace her old Kindle and she loves it. Much easier to read than an iPad and updated features make it a great purchase.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet and price. Ordering online easy. Not happy took so long to receive though.	Wired Headphones
Best tablet, good price, nice looking. Ordering on line was easy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my mom for Christmas. Every time I visit, she shows me something else she can do with it. I'm so jealous, I hope I get one.	20in Monitor
This is my fourth Kindle...upgrading each time. Mine goes everywhere with me and is used throughout the day. Wouldn't be without it.	Flatscreen TV
We bought this for our son when he went to college. He is able to upload all of his books and other documents.	Google Phone
I purchased it for my mother-in-law and she loves it it was easier for her to use and understand	Wired Headphones
The Amazon Fire is amazing! Picture clarity and sound are excellent! I highly recommend this tablet! Love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Sharp picture and easy to use. And a fantastic price	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like this is great I bought it my friend he was pleased abount	Wired Headphones
I wanted a low cost but quality tablet and this one is a dream! Easy to navigate and excellent graphics.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This a great tablet for everyone. Plenty of memory for downloading. Great features all around.	Lightning Charging Cable
I own two Nook tablets, another Kindle and a Samsung and this is the best one yet. Excellent battery life. Lets me check emails the Web and with Kindle. books can be switched from reads to listens. Also works better than the Nook with audiobooks.	Flatscreen TV
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. Too many advertisements. I would rather pay more and not have a single ad.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a step up from what my son was using. He said it does well and easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good tablet for kids who are starting off	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my 6 year old and it's perfect. Faster & clearer than older versions.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Awesome good size large enough for games and photos	Lightning Charging Cable
Great gift easy to use and she loves being able to take it anywhere	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this to replace the 7 inch version I lost in the airport. I wanted the bigger screen and the higher resolutions. It is much when loading games in offline mode as well as videos I have downloaded from Amazon Prime to play on the plane when wifi is not available. That was a plus for me. And now that the updated Netflix app allows the same thing, I have plenty of videos. I can also play my .mp4 videos using VLC player that I load to a microSD card. Of course you have wifi and Bluetooth so great for surfing try he net or listening to music. The 8 in screen is perfect for lying in bed and watching my show. I highly recommend this.	USB-C Charging Cable
Intuitive user interface, rapid online access through well designed features, light weight, ergonomic buttons for volume and power. Overall a thoroughly well designed, excellent priced device for web browsing and social media.	Lightning Charging Cable
PURCHASED THIS WITH A STORE CREDIT AND LIKE IT A LOT. COMPARES WELL WITH MORE EXPENSIVE TABLETS..RECOMMENDED	Lightning Charging Cable
great device for the price. good looking screen, quick and efficient. amazon app store isn't that bad either	USB-C Charging Cable
Great gift for any age. Wish I bought two. I can do everything on this that I was doing on my ipad	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great budget tablet for web browsing. Also useful as an MP3 player and ebook reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got 2 of these for my 8 yr old twins. My 11 yr old has one but this one is better. Perfect way to get them to read	iPhone
This is a superb tablet for the price. It doesn't come with the Android operating system. It has Amazon's operating system. The battery last a good long time and apps run very fast. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a tablet.	20in Monitor
My daughter love her new tablet, I use for a few days and it's pretty good	Apple Airpods Headphones
So very happy with the new kindle ! I highly recommend this product !	27in FHD Monitor
It may be cheap but this is a great tablet and works awesome.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife absolutely loves this tablet. It wad an early Christmas present	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought for my 11 year old son and he absolutely loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son. Very easy to use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This product is very handy on the go. I can check emails and find work for my truck.	Google Phone
I am an Amazon Fan. Ive only had Amazon tablets so I cant compare them with any other brand. But, Amazon has great customer service, a lot of great apps. The HD 8 is a great tablet for watching movies, most games, and social media. Its not as good as the Kindle fire hdx. The speakers arent as good, the hdx has more of a surround sound, but the hd 8 is less expensive, has a place for a sims card for extra space, and has an ok front and rear facing camera. Overall its a great tablet for a great price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I previously had bought an older model of these tablets for my children. I wasn't to happy with them. But this tablet is great, it has child safety features like wether you would like to have them surf the web to even limiting the amount of hours your child can use it. Very good tablet for what my kids will use it for which is mostly Netflix Hulu and even though there isn't you tube app there are alternate apps that acces you tube.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Got this tablet for Black Friday. Wow, 16 gigs, great screen, expandable memory, what a deal. Tablet is a must have for Amazon Prime members. It unlocks the door for all those great Prime perks; books, shows, and shopping. Pairs to Alexa. Great screen for books! Buy it already!"	Wired Headphones
Bought it on black Friday for 60$ .Value for money tablet. It lags at heavy tasks and also apps are reloaded when 2-3 apps are opened at same time. But at this price it is expected. Go for it if budget is <100$.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
overall this is a good tablet. it is best with those who have Prime Amazon and the ability to watch Amazon video. a good price for a good tablet but has limitations based on the operating system. for video watching and basic use a good choice	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the size and portability of this. Keeps me in touch and having fun.	Wired Headphones
Nice tablet and couldn't beat the Black Friday price	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I'm sorry I didn't buy it sooner! Very easy to use. Love it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It feels a bit more rugged than my original Fire tablet, and I believe it is an excellent value.	Flatscreen TV
Good tablet for basic needs. Screens resolution is pretty good. Mostly using for reading and sometimes for watching movies/shows. Great feature is the possibility to use the card to expand the memory. Good product for great price!	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought as a gift for my 86 yr old mom to stalk her kids and grandkids on FB. She mastered it in a few.minutes with minimal instruction. Now I have to watch my posts.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For a cheaper price this does more than my kindle- love having this tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Had a smaller version. Love the bigger screen. Use this product more than a computer.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 2 of the kindles for my grandsons. They love them! Had them charged and set up right away. No issues at this point.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use bought for our 5 year old, found a case which allows him to keep it safe.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great 8 inches tablet with and amazing storage for apps.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Santa dropped this off for our 4th grader along with expanded memory. he uses it for Netflix and Youtube as well as Minecraft and other Apps. Why spend hundreds on something for basic kids needs? I'm sure this will last him a few years and is well worth the price.	27in FHD Monitor
Got this tablet for my 3 year old son and he can not put it down. It is so much to do. So many learning games. I love this product	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet runs smooth with all amazon apps, the internet runs at a steady frame rate and it had a decent sized screen.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a good device for entertainment and entry level tasks. I think it can do a lot for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice price for the new model with Alexa built in and expandable storage!	Wired Headphones
I have enjoyed the new Kindle,however, was extremely disappointed that it does not have an HDMI port like the old version did.	Apple Airpods Headphones
this product is really awesome for kids to play in all sorts.We can use a strong case and let kids play in it .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i like the features it has and it is easy to navigate.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is perfect my kids to do their school work on and have fun as well.	Wired Headphones
Great gift for my dad. Clear picture and easy set up	USB-C Charging Cable
Love my kindle! Works better than expected! Kindle is much faster than my old tablet!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have never owned a tablet. Wanted an I-Pad like most, but couldn't afford the sticker price. This one fit my needs perfect. I mainly just use it for web surfing and streaming video. No complaints so far! I would recommend this device.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
also great for listening to music and also for movies	Wired Headphones
The screen picture is crisp and bright. I will use this tablet for many things.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
small and powerful... great adult toy for a reader	Wired Headphones
"This was purchased as a Christmas present for my aunt who lives with us. For the price, I thought it would be a good option for her since she doesn't want to drop the cash on an iPad.For comparison, the closest thing I have is an 8"" insignia tablet with similar screen resolution, storage, and features that was released at the same time. The Fire tablet impresses me! It is more responsive than the existing android tablet I have.This tablet runs FireOS which is Amazon's customized version of Android. Typically I do not like custom Android, preferring to have as close to a vanilla system as possible. I am not bothered by that with the Fire. If you need them the parental controls are second to none! The Amazon app store is extensive, although not as extensive as the Google Play store. Still you should be able to find pretty much everything you need there.This is not a flagship device, but performs incredibly for the price. I will most likely be purchasing one soon for myself."	Lightning Charging Cable
I was hoping to use Google launcher with this tablet but it is really locked down and you cannot change the launcher or the lock screen. Still cheap and fine for watching movies.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for reading and also surfacing the web, along with your favorite social media apps!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The price is low because Amazon uses their adds to subsidize the price. The actual tablet works well. The biggest negative is that you can only install apps from the Amazon store. There are many Android Apps available in the google store that are not available in the Amazon store.I primarily use the tablet for bible gateway, dish anywhere, play some games, read the newspaper, and Facebook. In the future I want to try to use it with my local library.	Lightning Charging Cable
Screen is very clear and battery last a long time. Very good substitute if you can afford a iPad.	USB-C Charging Cable
The tablet works fine. It is responsive with good resolution. It is too tied to Amazon. It requires too many hoops to get apps such as Zinio to work. Until Amazon loosens its grip, I recommend only at a very good price.	USB-C Charging Cable
A Great value for the money you can save instead of a Ipad from Apple.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Fun and reliable. Good quality for the money. Easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for reading - nice image, easy on the eyes and lightweight.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for my 10 year old daughter for Christmas! She LOVES it!!! A great alternative to a pricey iPad Mini!!! She uses it for watching Netflix, YouTube and we use it for homeschool. We are very happy with our purchase!!!	27in FHD Monitor
I got this tablet on sale for my wife and she loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
So far so good with the kindle fire hd. still need to play with it to see how to maximize our use.	iPhone
We love Kindle Fire, we purchase it for an older couple and it's easy to work.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire is a great tablet with awesome graphics. I use it mainly for surfing the web and have had no issues with it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased for my nephew for Christmas. Used it everyday. Very good product and screen size is perfect for him.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the price. My granddaughter loves how user friendly it is.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
got this for my nieces aged 6-13 they loved it and so did their parents really keeps them occupied	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a gift for mom. She enjoys that it's easy to use and has good picture and sound quality. The price was also great	20in Monitor
Was wanting a bigger screen, which it is, trying to get use to different applications, so far seems easy.	Google Phone
The Amazon fire is simply amazing I would not buy anything else.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Didn't want to go to the sites amazon wanted me to.	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought this for our three daughters! Got a kid proof case and added free time for a low monthly fee and couldn't be happier! So much better than worrying about them breaking my phone or iPad!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Kindle. I won't be without one. I've even bought an extra one, just in case. I believe it's the best tablet on the market.	Google Phone
Bought one to replace the smaller (non HD) version. Lot faster and picture is noticeably better. Would recommend for anyone not wanting to spend the extra $50 or so on the big names.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Could not have asked for a better tablet for the money. I wasn't looking for anything extreme. Just wanted it to look nice and do it's job for games and browsing. Well it does that and more. Gave it to our son for Christmas and now I want one myself. We are going to buy another for my mother in law. Lightweight, simple layout. Snappy. Can't go wrong.	Wired Headphones
It was a perfect gift for my godson. He loved it! Definitely would recommend this product.	Lightning Charging Cable
I can do a lot of things on my Kindle I used to rely on the computer for.	Wired Headphones
Excellent resource for children video streaming by Wifi using mobile hotspot with kids.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The kindle fire tablets are great for the price. They have solid performance in battery life and processing power. The only downside is that the Operating System is a different variation of Android, so there could be some incompatibilities.	Google Phone
best choice under 100$ in marketamazon is the best!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really didnt expect how its going to work.but its very good.gifted to my friend	Wired Headphones
Bought this as a gift for my mom and this was to replace her original Kindle Fire. She's have had a month now and is loving and no problems with it.	iPhone
This was a request from our 7 yr old granddaugter who had always asked her older sister if she could share hers due to we bought this same tablet/size a few yrs earlier. Loved the security/parental control options.Starfall a favorite educational app were told is a must have. Really enjoy Pics/Viber due to their in a different state. Also some games on a time limit. Size and resolution are perfect.	Wired Headphones
This is the best device I have found for my e-books. I know it can be used for a lot more, but it is my library in my hand.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet to be pretty much exclusively an e-reader. It's actually cheaper than most of the kindles. For that limited use, it works fine. I don't think I would want to use it as a general purpose table (too slow!). Makes a fine e-reader though. As for recommending this to a friend, I would, but would make sure they knew what I use it for.	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this as a Christmas present for my sister and she LOVES it. It's easy to use, lightweight and doesn't seem to have a lot of bugs or glitches. It's a good source of entertainment for when she's at work but has down-time. She passes the time reading ebooks, browsing the web and playing games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I originally purchased a Kindle paperwhite but returned it the next day and purchased this one. Very easy to read on, watch movies, and listen to music.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works well. Easy to use. Battery seems to be good. Would buy again.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Ticks all the boxes I was looking for at a price I was happy to pay. One caveat that I (or the Best Buy and Geek Squad crews) was unaware of: there is a glitch in the keyboard that prevents it from working properly. Kindle/Amazon are aware of the glitch and will download a third-party keyboard fix to replace the keyboard that's built in to the unit until they are able to fix the problem. I made Geek Squad aware of it and they should know about it now.	Google Phone
Amazon MayDay functionality is not available and this was unexpected. Other services and functionality as expected	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect tablet to take anywhere you go and lighter than my IPad.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Easy to use tablet for every day use. Additional apps can help increase productivity for work and daily use.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet does all I need a tablet to do. Reason why it's my 3rd one.	Google Phone
Bought this tablet for my fiancée daughter, after getting it home and set up, I decided to keep it for myself. Great screen and works great with my pair of Amazon echos. I love it and highly recommend it.	Wired Headphones
This is my first Amazon e-reader-tablet and the second e-reader I have. It is easy to use once you get through the initial hoops. I like the free games and the fact that I new can load books from my computer to the tablet. And one thing, I am not in the market for a tablet but for a bigger e-reader. It is a lot better than the Nook that I have. I love this product	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought as a gift for parents who aren't tech savy but were able to use it with ease	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have Bought several versions of this tablet for my kids over the years and have been ever impressed with it. I first got one for my son, the my oldest daughter to replace her children's tablet, which was worthless, this tablet gives you everything you could want and allows you to control what your kids access on it and even lets you see what they download onto it. if you want to set a time when it shuts off at night you can, when they can play games or use Netflixs you can...great product!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great gift for a younger person who wants a tablet	Wired Headphones
The fire is great. The size is really nice. Not to big. The clarity is really good.	Google Phone
This inexpensive tablet does everything I want it to do. I can read my books and magazines and keeps tabs on my kids and grandkids on Facebook. Very easy to use and crystal clear pictures and video.	Wired Headphones
Great entry level tablet for kids or anyone that will not be heavily using a tablet. The 16 GB, is too small but can add an SD card. Beware only comes with 6GB of the 16 for your apps. Comes with bunch of preloaded Amazon apps.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is great. I loved the color and all the features it has. I will be buying more for my daughters. Great purchase	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
What I expected. A better then budget tablet ata good price. Bought for the integration with Alexa and it works well, more info about your Alexa request will show up automatically on the tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It's a excellent tablet for my kid she downloaded games and watch cartoons	Lightning Charging Cable
I was looking for a Good tablet under $100..this delivered..getting used to Amazon apps LOL	Wired Headphones
Excellent ratio quality price. Lightweight. Good resolution and easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
After long review decided to buy the Fire Tablet as a gift for a great frienday. She loves it! It's the perfect size and has all the features she was looking for in a tablet. Happy Birthday!	USB-C Charging Cable
Love everything about my Kindle. I'm a long-term Amazon Prime member.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great tablet for the price. My father in law likes the easy use of the tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire is an excellent table for many basic tasks.	Wired Headphones
Not a good product short battery life i can only use for 20 minutes	USB-C Charging Cable
I was looking for something to read on and this fit the bill for the right price.Great screen clarity, good adjustment too. Works well and the battery life is great. Size is nice too. Big enough for 1 hand if needed.	LG Washing Machine
This is a great tablet for books, games and web browsing. It is very user friendly, -and I would definitely recommend this product!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I enjoy to use the reader and like the idea that I can go to the internet from the Kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I thought that this tablet was junk but it has surpassed my expectations	iPhone
I wasn't really expecting much, however I was pleasantly surprised.It feels solid, responsive, screen is good.For the price its a bargain!!	Wired Headphones
Good if you want something inexpensive and Will do the minimum very well.	Wired Headphones
I like this ipads for my baby and me too,special and super ok thanks byee	USB-C Charging Cable
I found it to be very versatile and enjoyable benefiting from a touch screen.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Ipad killer! A fierce tablet at a convinient price!	Wired Headphones
bought as a gift she loves it all kinds of apps easy to use and even easyer with amazon prime	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it as the display for my Echo. Turning on Voicecast routes information to the tablet with the voice reaponse. It'S been exactly what I hoped it would be and the price was right.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is exactly what I was looking for to take on trips. The kids can watch their movies and videos, or I can read from my kindle library. Perfect size.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as a gift for my son and I know he will love it he has the old kindle fire as likes it a lot	Lightning Charging Cable
My mom had an old one, she was so excited to get this one.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great and is fast. Great for reading and internet use	20in Monitor
This Kindle is so overloaded with apps that I will never use. Despite what one of Best Buys' associates said, you cannot remove any of the Amazon apps. The apps take up too much of the memory. I have an I Pad and love but bought this as a backup for work. Unfortunately, it bogs down. I also don't like that Amazon wants access to too much info to set up email, so I won't use this for emails either. I will likely sell it on Craig's List for less than half of what I paid for it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Fine for reading, ...haven't used it for anything else yet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have been using a Kindle Fire for a couple of years. It was a good tablet, until the screen went black. Best Buy replaced it and I couldn't have been more pleased. I enjoy reading on my Kindle Fire HD more than ever. Try it and you'll buy it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A viable substitute for the more expensive I Pad especially for kids wanting a tablet. You can download books, games, email and access the internet. Parental controls are easily enabled.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
blueray is just twhat I was I was looking for great for watching movies thank you	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love best buy and I shop at Best Buy I always buy my TV for me and my kids I buy my kids tablets at Best Buy Love Best Buy	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for my mom for her birthday, and she absolutely loves it. Great tablet for the price point, good tablet overall.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love all of them. I would recommend going to Best Buy and buying a kindle fire before they are sold out!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice size screen easy and light weight to take to class	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet is great for my son. Would be nice if it had a little more horsepower	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My 76 year old mom loves this! She now has something to do while waiting in doctors offices - loves to read, do crosswords, etc.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoy it more then the I-pad that its replacing. Easy to read in any light and the size is perfect for travel.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I absolutely love my kindle 8! Great picture, storage & sound. Can't live without my kindle!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my mine! Works great with prime! And I have all my best movies!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my dad in his late 60s mainly to listen to music and read ebooks borrowed from the library. I set it up for him and he loves it. I just don't like that it has ads on the start up unless you pay to get rid of them.	Wired Headphones
Enjoy reading books on it as well as viewing videos.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got two for my mom's and they love it. So many great features!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
this tablet is awesome. the fact that I can use a micro sd card to have more memory and can listen to my content on the card is great. the additional screen size is what I wanted and it has not disappointed. this was a great purchase!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm very happy with my Kindle Fire. Beyond being able to read books, it does all sorts of things and is able to download a huge variety of apps. It also holds a charge very long. The size is perfect and portable, yet the screen is much larger than a smartphone, which I love. I would definitely recommend this tablet to others!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Fire HD 8 is an awesome device. THE PRICE OF THIS TABLET IS MIND BOGGLING!! This tablet has everything you would expect and want in a tablet and more. It has Amazon Store and Amazon Prime preloaded. It's so much fun and so easy to use. THE PERFORMANCE OF THIS TABLET IS UNBELIEVABLE. You never stop thinking about the modest price you paid for such a fantastic tablet. It feels comfortable in your hands. The design is nice. The size is adequate for all tablet use. You can expand the memory storage of this device an additional 240GB. Can you believe it? Outstanding!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought as a Christmas present. Son uses it to watch youtube and Netflick. Works great.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The overall design makes it fir very nice in the hand. It is very easy to setup and has features that I did not utilize on previous Fire tablets. I like the camera and the Blue Shade ability. I like to read before bed and the color really does help me wind down. Long lasting battery!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this Fire tablet for my youngest daughter for Christmas and she loves it. I also love the option to restrict apps and content for her age!	27in FHD Monitor
I bought two of these Amazon Fire HD tablets in December as Christmas gifts. Both recipients are happy with these as gifts. I plan to purchase one in the near future for myself.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Biting as a gift, my only concern was the size and the Amazon interface. It was easy enough to download the Google play store, so it was familiar to the user. Size was an initial concern, but it was just right to watch movies without being so cumbersome.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son really likes the larger screen to play games.	ThinkPad Laptop
Very easy to use and has so much to offer for the low price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great product, easy to use, love the lighted pad, ease of down loading books,	20in Monitor
They were using them on Christmas morning!! It didn't take them long too be getting the best from those tablets	Apple Airpods Headphones
So I think I would have rated 5 stars however when I got my tablet home my 8 year old used it for a total of 2hrs...the next day it had a reboot screen similar to Dos windows. Excellent customer service at store allowed me to exchange next day. No problems with the second one. Great tablet for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i love it amazon is nice read book on it play games on it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this Kindle as a gift for my mother so she could access her Facebook account easily. She loves the ease of using it. I have 3 kindle tablets in my home and they are used daily. My mother uses hers for email and some light gaming and for watching Netflix as well. Very satisfied.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted a low cost internet device to feed internet radio choices into my stereo. This fit the bill well. I use the headphone jack to connect with my stereo and get great sound. I don't use most of the other apps that come on the device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Fire is a wonderful, small device to use for a multitude of tasks. We use it mostly as an ereader and has been so simple to use. So happy we chose this one. It is lightweight and convenient to take with you.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought this as a temporary replacement for my wife's 11"" Kindle Fire HD that was out for service. She liked this 8"" model so much that she continued using it after the 11"" one returned."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I tested this item before I gave it as a gift. It is simple enough for the needs of browsing, social media and entertainment. Definitely best price for simple needs compared to spending $100s on an iPad	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This feels like an affordable tablet. While not the best in class, it isn't priced to be that either. Works well. Happy with purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for watching sports events away from home but within wi fi range.	ThinkPad Laptop
So easy to download and then read. Enjoy reading that I can take anywhere without the heaviness of a book	Flatscreen TV
I bought this after subscribing to an Amazon Prime membership. This is a great little tablet at such a low price.. too good of a deal to pass up when it was on sale. It has the ability to talk to Alexa, surf the web, listen to music and read books/magazines (lots of free music and books for Prime members).	27in FHD Monitor
If ads dont bother you, then this may be a decent device. Purchased this for my kid and it was loaded down with so much spam, it kept loading it up making it slow and laggy. Plus the carrasoul loadout makes it hard to navigate for kids, not very kid friendly! Oh you can pay $15 to remove the ads but it wont remove them all. Buy the samsung, better everything!	Wired Headphones
"This is my second Fire, I'm upgrading from the 2nd generation 7"" model. Love the screen resolution. Movies and videos are sharp and no pixelating. The camera is a bonus my first version did not have. All together this was a great buy for under $100 on sale. Thank you Best Buy."	Wired Headphones
I would buy it again and have twice over already. I actually bought the kids fire kindle and bought this for my wife, her's was lost and she borrowed my sons kid fire kindle I ended up buying her this again, and would buy it again. I would recommend buying a sd card it fills up fast without out it but it is a lot cheaper to buy the lower GB kindle and then buy a good sd card.	Wired Headphones
This tablet has it all. Amazon offers tons of free apps, hundreds of thousands of free e-books and tons of free games. The tablet is intuitive and intelligent. I seamlessly enjoy streaming my favorite shows and reading articles, books and periodicals. What I love most is that the tablet doesn't place all apps on the device, but uses the users miro SD card instead for up to 200GB of additional storage for a dizzying amount of storage for more games, apps, books and movies that can be downloaded and enjoyed. It also allows the owner to share the device with family members, delegating each member an account personalized and tailored to that individual. There is even an option to create children's accounts--extra bonus. I am able to mirror the content from the tablet onto my Samsung Smart television. I will definitely consider Amazon first and foremost when making any future tablet purchases. It maintains a charge for a good deal of time, alleviating the need to be near an outlet to enjoy using it. I can charge it in the evening and use it for several hours the next day, sometimes two days. No one will ever create a tablet that is more considerate of the owner/end-user.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love to read and this tablet makes it so easy to carry an entire library with me everywhere. I have also become addicted to the free underground games.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"Bought this 8"" model to use in addition to my current 3 year old Kindle Fire HD (7 inch model). So far I am very pleased with the quality of this unit. The slightly larger screen makes watching movies much better. I didn't want the larger 10"" screen (yet)."	Flatscreen TV
I purchased this on Black Friday because I could pass on the price. The tablet works great for basic internet needs and great for shopping on Amazon. If I were to purchase another Android Tablet, I will look for something with a little more power since this tablet slows when multi-tasking.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my son (he's 1.5 years old) so he could play basic toddler games, but I found the tablet to be extremely useful for school with it's large screen and super long battery life. I'm waiting for the Surface Pro 5 but this tablet that I got for so cheap is making me second guess paying so much! For basic lecture taking notes and watching Netflix or Hulu and kid games, this can't be beat.	Wired Headphones
The best tablet for the price i use it everyday to watch youtube videos	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great purchase for my granddaughter for Christmas.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is perfect for just about anything you could want to do on a tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandmother enjoys this tablet ... it use as her reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great item at great price, MY WIFE LOVES IT AND WONT PUT IT DOWN!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great black friday deal for a mediocre tablet. android os though!	Flatscreen TV
Wanted a tablet at a cheap price and this item fit the bill. Bought on Black Friday which made the price even better. The screen looks good and the performance for the apps I have used so far have met expectations. I mainly used for surfing the web, youtube, and netflix. This device handles each with ease. Overall, I am satisfied with this device.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Works well; no issues with reboots or system hangs.. Good size - not too big and not too small. Screen is good for reading. Battery life is good, I've bought a few books from Amazon but mostly side-loaded books from the library onto a 32 GB micro sd card."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Though I have got it for cheap price during black friday, this Fire is not that great. Very bad camera and dim screen resolution. Pros:Install Google Play without any hassleVery good book reading option	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for my son and he loves it! He can play games, watch movies, you tube videos, and use the internet for help with homework. He also loves all the books, and aps. Was a great black Friday deal should have gotten one for myself.	
I got it at a great price. They price matched for me. Much faster then getting my laptop out to check email	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this product for my youngest son! He loved the color and the size. The storage is great for the number of activities that he has downloaded!	Lightning Charging Cable
Was looking for a tablet to run my remote music server with from my easy chair. My first tablet I bought at about the same price ran through the battery in an hour. Amazon product is much better for battery life and image quality is very nice.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This product is easy to use. Screen size is great. Would recommend to anyone.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got it for my kid and she loves it. The amazon free time and prime well worth the money	USB-C Charging Cable
Best tablet around, cheaper than most and does just as much as other tablets. Great buy, it works perfect! Battery lasts a few days too.	iPhone
She likes to read books and this is a fast and cheap way for her to do so	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a great buy. Just to read emails and go on the web	27in FHD Monitor
Great Christmas gifts for the kids. Hours of fun and games.	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased this tablet mostly for entertainment. I enjoy playing games and this tablet is great for that purpose. Also plan on using it for reading electronic books.	27in FHD Monitor
Very nice quality product. East to set up and use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So much more screen size than previously kindles. Fast charging. Longer battery life.	Wired Headphones
Purchased for my mom to read ebooks, great performance, screen looks good, easy to use. Very happy with this purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
less expensive than last year with so many more features and bigger screen!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my wife for X-mas and she loves it. Hasn't put it down	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a good product for video, surfing and reading. However this version has dropped all android support as far as I can tell. I have a couple of apps that run on my old Fire just fine but are extremely problematic on this one. There is one app I use everyday but it doesn't work on this new Fire, so I have to keep the old one around. Kind of inconvenient. I would recommend seeing if your app is supported on this Fire before dropping the money.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a reasonable replacement for a broken tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this tablet for my two year old son. It is easy for him to use and has been surprisingly durable. Would recommend the replacement plan if purchasing for a child.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Better and faster than Kindle 7"". Great performance for the price."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love it, easy to operate. Very reasonable price - on sale.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good product. Onboard storage does fill up quickly.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought as a gift to my dad and he likes it so far. It's fast enough for apps and great for reading	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great but the app store is nothing like that of Apple or Google. Fortunately, you can install many Android apps from 1Mobile. The screen is fabulous and it's great at its roots: making reading books fun.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this tablet. I know it's not an iPad or any of the big tablets but it does just what I need it to do. I've had it a few weeks now. I've downloaded videos, read a few books and played some games. I've had zero problems so far. I know it's not the best video, but for the price of the tablet I don't expect it to look like my flat screen TV. I'm trying not to load too many things to keep it from slowing down. So far so good. Browsing the internet is easy too. I'm getting used to the browser and the app store for Amazon. For the price of this tablet it's not too shabby!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
You can do some many things and the best part apps for free on Amazon underground!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works great for my 6 year old. Wanted an inexpensive tablet for himsince he can be pretty rough with things. So far so good, and we love the FreeTime app.	LG Washing Machine
Was looking to get an inexpensive tablet that ran Android. The Amazon Fire tablet was a much better value than other similar products. Have been very happy with the tablets durability and quality so far too. Would recommend to anyone looking for a lower-end tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought 2 for each of our teenagers and they just love it... Very cool reading features and zero buffering while watching Netflix.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good quality product. Clear display and easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
My mother, husband, and daughter all enjoy using Fire. It's a great way to stay preoccupied.	Wired Headphones
Out of all the tablet choices out there we buy these for our children over any other. You can't beat the price and durability.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
very good product and right on the cost! Great gift for the holidays.	ThinkPad Laptop
Purchased this for reading and the price. Good value for money.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for reading, game playing, searching the web and social media.	ThinkPad Laptop
I really like the Fire IS 8 16gb, it is fast and smooth.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Does everything a regular tablet can and for the price you really can't beat it	Flatscreen TV
This is so easy to use and does exactly what I hoped.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for streaming ! good internet connection along with a nice display	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it as an e-reader. Convenient and easy to use. Text is very readable. I am pleased.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a nice little tablet for the $60 I paid on black Friday. At the regular price I would probably have gone with something a little less restricted and without so much Amazon content. The lock screen ads aren't much of a problem, I understand Amazon sells these cheap and gets it back via ads, but the 15-20 Amazon apps are a little much. It would be easier to stomach if you could add the ones you want or remove the ones you don't. That said, I was able to install the Google Play store and this tablet does everything I need it to do. Overall, I'm pretty happy with the purchase. It's a nice new toy. One note: In the online photos the magenta looks purple. It's actually pink. If you like purple, get a black one and a purple case.	Apple Airpods Headphones
So cool after playing with this for a while now I would never spend the money on an apple for what I am doing with it.	Google Phone
Love the new fire hd 8. Price is amazing and if you are an amazon prime mbr its even better! Great for the kids as you can lock their profiles to a kids mode and they can't buy anything. If i had one downfall its the smaller amount of apps available than apple or google play.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Had the Fire HD 7"" before and just wanted to upgrade. Loving it so far and really enjoying the bigger screen!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is not for me it is for a Christmas gift	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a great buy for my son. He needed something that he could easily transport and that woudl allow him to access the internet and various forms of media. This was a perfect choice since he also has a amazon Prime account.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was replacement for my wife's original iPad and broken Kindle Paperwhite. She loves it, as it does basically everything both of the previous devices did in one unit that is easy to use, has good battery life, very nice screen resolution and good size for her. Great value, especially compared to an iPad.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
for the price this is a great works well the for the price display is hd love it	Lightning Charging Cable
for the money, you will be well pleased, I think it is a big bargain !	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my mother, but I set it up and tested it out. It is super fast! I have the original Kindle Fire and all I can say is Amazon has come a long way! The new Fire HD8 is so much better than the original! I like it so much that I am thinking of purchasing one for myself! I would highly recommend this tablet to anyone!	USB-C Charging Cable
I have had a Kindle before, and needed a new one as the old one would no longer charge very well. Still adjusting to some different features from the original one. Do not like the fact that it is difficult to find a case for this one.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very happy with this purchase, it was exactly what I was looking for	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My original Kindle Fire no longer accepted a charge. I wasn't going to replace it, because I bought an iPad. When I saw the HD8 in a kiosk in a BB store, I realized how much better I liked the size and feel of it for reading books (the iPad is preferred for other things). This Fire's clarity is much improved over my old one, plus it responds better. I don't like that I can't choose a photo for the locked screen - that it HAS to be an advertisement. I also don't like that it usually takes a few trys to unlock. Menial issues from my perspective.	Wired Headphones
It's a good starter tablet, to bad it runs on the Amazon OS.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for my sister as a Christmas present and she loved it.Easy to use and great for books.	Lightning Charging Cable
"This is my third Kindle, I still have the other two; however, this has a camera and much larger screen. I would take this product any day over a tablet."	USB-C Charging Cable
Look forward to hearing more from my grandkids so far they love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good small tablet for all purposes for reading, playing games	Flatscreen TV
My wife and kids love easy to use and the size is perfect	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet for beginners! Very light and screen is wide. Enjoy using for travels.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Fast processing great battery reads to me when my eyes bother me. Expandable memory a big plus.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The new kindle fire hd is good and my son loves it	Google Phone
Got this for my grandmother and she absolutely loves it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
She loves to use it to watch Netflix and play games	Wired Headphones
This is just the right size and can put games on it just like an iPad.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I wanted a new kindle fir a while. The price was right	27in FHD Monitor
The display is not as sharp and vivid as they say but still good. Probably better for reading than watching videos. We didn't really get it for the games, but there is a good selection. WiFi works well and internet browsing is fast.	Wired Headphones
The Kindle is a great way to read and watch videos with ease!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Exciting tablet still amazed by the ease of use great product all in all	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Couldn't beat the value for this with the Black Friday price. They aren't the best tablets, but they do a lot for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
great size,sound and battery. just buy it already.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love the tablet mainly use for games and internet. Grrat product foe the price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
She hasn't used the it yet, but my son did a quick check and it seems just fine.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I've had my other Kindle Fire for 5-6 years. It's still working but slowing down. I bought the updated version while it was on sale. I love it! I play games on it, download books, check my email and facebook. It's like a portable mini computer and I wouldn't be without it. I like it better than other people's tablets and you can't beat the price. I bought some for gifts and everybody loves it! I'd recommend it to people of all ages.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product, no complaints at all,good for kids and adults	Bose SoundSport Headphones
At ninety dollars, the expectionations are low, but this is still a very good table, it's good for light use like watching videos or web browsing, but the camera is a bit lacking, and at certain times the device can freeze or lag. Overall this is a good tablet for $90, I would recommend this to anyone on a budget.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good starter unit. Easy for a beginner to use. Priced low to give you a taste of the tablet world.	27in FHD Monitor
The Parental Options need some work. You can't even log in to a child account until you have Apps loaded for them to use. Also a kid's login doesn't have access to pre-loaded apps (like the calculator). Seems really odd to me that you can't give them access to basic functionality of the tablet.Otherwise, the tablet itself works great.	Wired Headphones
Bought a Fire HD 8 tablet for my wife. She doesn't like using computers and avoids smartphones, but her new tablet is a big hit. She uses it to play games and to stream movies and radio programs. I use it for everything else -- reading news, checking e-mail, online shopping, etc. It was very easy to set up and even easier to use. Plenty of speed and capacity to do everything we want.	ThinkPad Laptop
We already own kindles so we know they are great ! My son is going to live this!	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased 2 of these FIre HD tablets as gifts. They pack a lot of punch for the price. I helped set them up so I was able to get an idea of how they are going to work. The screen was very nice and clear. Speed of tablet was good. It is easy to use. If you are already in the Amazon family through prime it is a no-brainer.I don't believe you can get a better tablet at this price point.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought these as a starter online browser. It is a very portable pad . Great price.	27in FHD Monitor
Just what my wife wanted and needed she loved it! It is easy to use and simple to set up!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good tablet for the money. A good add on if you have Amazon prime	Apple Airpods Headphones
You can't beat the price. Great deal for what you're paying.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought it for our 9 yr. Old daughter and she loves it. We do as well. Kindle tablets are great!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
its fast, it has good lighting. its got the 16gb space, best gift ive bought for a bookreader.	Google Phone
I love it.....Reading E books here is so easyPerfect for price	iPhone
With a $20 off deal last blackfriday, who will not get it. Much clearer and faster than the other fire HD. Light weight too	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
If you shop on Amazon all the time, this will help make it easier still. Lots of ads pop up, and you can't use apps from non-Amazon sources unless you root it, and that is complicated. This is not a realistic alternative to an iPad or Galaxy Note. If you just want to a device to shop on Amazon with, you'll love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my 2nd Fire tablet. I will alwyas need one. Just wish they lasted longer than 4 years.	USB-C Charging Cable
fire tablet is very powerful for the size and does everything!	Apple Airpods Headphones
"While there are some apps that are missing due to not using the Google Play Store the list is minimal. The tablet itself is quick, responsive, and noticeable nicer than the 7"" fire. Picked this up when it was on sale for black friday sales. It's great for in front of the TV and catching up on email and light web browsing."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Price was fabulous for an entry level tablet. Right on	Lightning Charging Cable
Was impressed how quick and responsive touch and overall speed.Including Alex app.fit in top coat pocket	Google Phone
I have been buying Kindles since they first came out. When ever I want to upgrade Kindle is my chosen brand. I am not very tech savvy and I enjoy watching movies, listening to music and primarily reading. I like the ability to purchase narration for my favorite titles and using text-to-speech for the rest.	USB-C Charging Cable
Have not used these yet as they are Christmas gifts	27in FHD Monitor
Wife loves this thing. She reads nonstop on it. She can't put it down	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Nice for the price had to put Google play store on myself but still a nice tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a really good tablet for adults but especially great for kids as you can load movies or add apps that they can use. The cost is so low you just can't beat it. Plus, the main feature for me was the Amazon Kindle name on the product which puts it way ahead of the no name tablets on the market. Great product and gift.	iPhone
I purchased two of these on Black Friday. What a great purchase. These are very inexpensive and have the ability to do so many things for the kids. I later bought tough cases to keep any damage minimal.	Wired Headphones
I love my kindle. I bought the larger screen after owning 2 previous 7 inch screens.	Google Phone
this tablet has the best battery ive ever seen. The picture is great too.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
LIke that there are lots of apps to choose from. Very user friendly	Wired Headphones
"I wanted a new tablet and saw the 7"" on sale at Christmas, my husband was offered the 8"" for just $10 more, so good value ! Thin and light weight. Easy to start up. I would have liked to have a booklet on featuers and use, etc. Nothing in print came with it other than one paper . Tutorials on set up and where the buttons and slots were. I have enjoyed the quick loading to start, just wish I had a physical booklet on how to's, not just online tutorials."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
More features In several ways than iPad. This android tablet is really powerful	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my wife because she plays a lot of games along with my grandson, this is perfect to download all the games they want without taking up space on her iPad.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great to take with me when I need alone time to just surf and read.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the tablet! Easy to use and easy to take with	Wired Headphones
Awesome tablet! Love using it to read and surf the web.	USB-C Charging Cable
It matters what preference you prefer with tablets. I mean if you use windows or google more this might not be for you. For me, I use Amazon music, video, books, and shopping so this tablet is awesome. It's made especially for Amazon ecosystem users. Its light and has a nice feel. I live the blue shade option it has for less blue light when reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
Enjoy having the kindle. My son uses all the time for reading. It has helped him improve in his reading skills. We are glad we bought it. Thank you.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was one of the best birthday presents, I ever purchased for my husband. He said he doesn't use the computer, but he was on my smartphone daily viewing FB. I got him a drone for Christmas and he needed something to view, while it is flying. I researched the Kindle Fire and thought he could practice with it until spring. He farms, so isn't busy in the winter. Thank goodness, because he is busy with his Kindle for hours every day. He thinks it is great and I do too, because now I have my phone back.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I really enjoy reading. So much so I was running out of shelf space. I have read a few books with my I-pad mini but it really didn't do the trick. No so with my new Amazon Fire Hd-8. Handy sized, not the least bit heavy and super bright. Add in the face that digital material from magazines to novels are often as not far cheaper that ""hard copies""."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Amazing video quality easy to maneuver wonderful screen size easy set up	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet other than the photo image quality is fuzzy and not the best.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Fire HD8 strikes an excellent balance between performance and price. It has many of the features you'd want in a tablet for a fraction of the cost. Works flawlessly for reading and video streaming.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second Kindle and I love it. It's lightweight, simple, and fast. It's convenient for trips and fits in my bag without weighing it down.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a gift. My mother likes it. It's easy and simple to use.	Wired Headphones
I am loving my fire tablet and I am using it everyday at home and at work on break	Lightning Charging Cable
I will be ordering Amazon fire for my two granddaughters because they love Nana's so much	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Really beautiful display is great for watching movies and playing games. It is very powerful for the price and you can play lots of games from Amazon for free - they even remove microtransactions from lots of games.Only downside is you need Amazon Prime to get the most out of your tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
Very little set up, Amazon helpful in setting up the functions. Clear pictures and easy to use. Take pictures both ways	Lightning Charging Cable
Graphics are great for the price. Would highly recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my mom and it was just what she needed and at a great price. Been wanting to get an Ipad for myself, but think this might be a great less expensive option for me as well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The pad worked as I thought but the screen wasn't as vibrant as our iPads. Still a great deal for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect thing I needed to read books on and play my games	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm loving the tablet so far. I really like the Amazon underground, and the Fire OS just updated, so it has Alexa on it now. :)	Macbook Pro Laptop
this tablet is perfect for surfing the internet and following social media	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like the shape and size of this Kindle, and the graphics are good. But if I play a game for very long the charge seems to run out pretty quickly. It is very good for books and for music. I would recommend it for those categories.	iPhone
For its price. Amongst the others I felt this was a deal	Wired Headphones
Perfect size and very responsive. I have 4 of them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
No issues runs games and internet well. ,,,,,,,,,,,,	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is very easy to use for children . We have loved having one and are hoping to buy another one for kids Christmas !!	27in FHD Monitor
good price for the product. I purchased for my middle school son.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
not good, hate it , never buy it again, sucks. done	USB-C Charging Cable
Smartphone works on the job for me, but with the Fire I can read instructions and worksheets. It is a useful tool for connecting with both friends and colleagues. 8-inches is the right size for holding in hand and carrying with you. Gives me the information, beats printing everything out, or carrying around a large laptop.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Think this will be a great product for my parents it is a Christmas gift.	Wired Headphones
The Amazon fire tablet is an excellent product. I primarily use it to purchase and read books from Kindle. Also, I use it for my Facebook activity. The battery life is long and it recharges quickly. My 10 year old son also enjoys using it. I would highly recommend this product to others.	USB-C Charging Cable
My husband is a truck driver and being on the road away from home, he likes to have shows and movies to watch. This has so much space for him to download things to watch.	Apple Airpods Headphones
A great Kindle reader. Easy to order, read and store books. Also speedy for finding Amazon products and ordering them. But the other apps are really slow - too slow.	iPhone
Easy to use as a tablet and easy to use as a ebook reader	USB-C Charging Cable
Not sure if this is due to the new version but I'm not able to install or even sideload certain apps onto the tablet. Amazon is really trying to lock out non-Amazon apps namely ones from Google. Aside from that though, performance is already and what you'd expect from a tablet in this price range. This was purchased for my mom and it does what's needed and my mom has no complaints thus far.	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet is working good for what we wanted it to do.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Still waiting for Alexa to function. Several calls to Amazon supportled to conflicting answers on how to get it to work, then told it isnot yet available on all Fire HD 8 tablets.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire Hd8 has great features. The size is perfect to carry anywhere. Excellent apps and accessible to books, movies, games etc. Clear screen. it was very quick and easy to setup and begin using.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have had several budget tablet, but this blows them all away. You have to be willing to be invested in the Amazon ecosystem, but it is well worth it.	iPhone
This tablet is a good one for everyday use. It is small but it has a clear image. Not sure if I really wanted one this small but its ok for now.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This does not run Android, so no Google Play store. Amazone apps are moztly the same titles, but not all are available that you can get through Google Play. Bought this for our daughter and she enjoys it. If you have an Amazon Prime subscription you can get a lot more out of this tablet as well.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for daughter, love the parental control and curfew setting	Wired Headphones
I like the portability of it. I take it with me when I babysit my granddaughter.	Lightning Charging Cable
bought as a gift she loves it great with amazon prime	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Had the previous version of this tablet and was looking to upgrade. Got this on sale and am very pleased.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter love this tablet! Easy to use and carry	Flatscreen TV
The best kindle fire ever, love how quickly the apps run, being able to watch movies, listen to music, etc. on it	Vareebadd Phone
The salesman was very good pointed us in the right direction. The tablets are perfect for our triplet grandsons.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent value for the price. Super easy to use and set up. Wonderful display. I love the fact that you can add an sd card for more memory unlike the old Kindles. Plus I'm really impressed with the fact the Amazon has such great offers.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love my kindle. It fast, great pict quality and is so convenient to use. I love using it to watch Netflix. It worth the purchase if you don't want to spend so much money.	Wired Headphones
I love this tablet!! Excellent quality speakers and screen. Lots of storage space. Worth the money!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought it for my husband and he loves it. This is perfect for what he wanted it for.	Wired Headphones
Very fast and super easy to use I'm very pleased with this purchase!!	USB-C Charging Cable
It's works really well and don't have any issues at all	Wired Headphones
Tablet is good for beginners and those that like to read	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle Fire has great features for the price. The video quality is asstounding.	Product
It worked really well for me as I am unschooled in ipads. I used it while traveling and it was easy to use and did the things I needed, i.e. maps, books downloaded, internet access, youtube, etc.. I don't play games, so cannot comment on that.	Lightning Charging Cable
If you want a tablet to use on a daily basis for facebook or do online purchases you couldn't ask for a better tablet.	Flatscreen TV
I use to read books, watch movies, and get online.. it works great and easy to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this to replace a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. I absolutely love the Kindle HD 8. It was easy to set up and very easy to find my way around. The only reason I took off 1 star is that I have found some apps are not available for Kindle. But so far from info I have read online there are ways to resolve this issue.	20in Monitor
Just a simple kindle. Doesn't have the glass back.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Throughly enjoying my fire tablet. Can play games and read books. Am very pleased with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent screen , fast response. Almost a steal for that price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Much harder to work than an android. None of the wallpaper apps I downloaded from the kindle store work on the device. many of the other apps look cheap on the display. other wise it is prettier and more responsive than the cheaper $49 tablet. They make it look like an android tablet but it is not. no google play. Everything is just harder to work than on a regular android BUT for a tablet under $100 it exceeds expectations. It is more responsive than other models of fire	Apple Airpods Headphones
Kindle Fire is a dream. Larger screen easy to read	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I HAVE BEEN WITH AMAZON PRIME FOR 2 YEARS AND THIS NEW FIRE HD MAKES IT WORTH IT. i WATCH MOVIES WHEN I FLY BECAUSE I CAN DOWNLOAD THEM. THE BATTERY LAST FOR DAYS. I USE IT EVERYDAY NOW.	Wired Headphones
Well worth the 80 bucks, especially if you are an Amazon Prime member. You can download and watch anything on there for free, including movies and magazines. The screen is a bit on the darker side, but the battery life is great. I have both an IPAD and this, and I use both. Great when you are waiting for your IPAD to recharge...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Reading is easy, can make font as large as you need	Macbook Pro Laptop
Improved over the HD 7. Things set up differently but not hard to learn. Also a bit heavier than the 7 so reading in bed a little harder	Lightning Charging Cable
"Not to much to complain about. for less than 100 dollars you get an 8in tablet that has pretty good specs; expandable storage, long battery life, great speakers, fast processor, decent cameras and hi def screen. easy to use and well built tablet....The only knock is the included adds but, after using it for awhile you barely notice it."	27in FHD Monitor
I've purchased a number of Kindle Fire products for family over the past several years and continue to use them. Easy to use for even my youngest Grandchildren or my 87 year old Mother-In-Law which they use as a reader and for games. An overall good value.	iPhone
This is the fastest booting tablet I have come across. The speed at which I can access sites is really amazing.	USB-C Charging Cable
I went into bestbuy to purchase a replacement after mine died. I loved my kindle, and decided to get 2-in-1 with the fire. It is perfect for my needs.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I had fire hdx 8 and loved it, unfortunately got damaged and could not replace. I purchased the fire HD 8 and exchanged n pay difference for fire HD 10. The 8 did not have a lot of options I was used to. :(	iPhone
great product at a great price.i like the builtin filter which is easy on youreyes.probably the best reader under 100 dollars.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good product. Super quality and the Best Buy store rep explained me about the product	27in FHD Monitor
This is my third Kindle Fire and it improves each time. Colors are crisper and best of all it stays charged a lot longer.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my sister, who already had the Kindle 7. For the price the 8 is better. First the obvious. a inch more screen does make a difference and the HD makes reading and streaming alot clearer. Being able to add more storage with a micro SD card is a huge plus as well. This device includes a camera! And last at under 100.00 makes this a huge value for a great tablet.	Wired Headphones
Excellent. Just as good as iPad with a fraction of the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"The Amazon Fire HD8 (2016 model) is a great tablet for the price; however, the Fire OS offers limited abilities to the user. Personally, I wish there were ways to mirror the screen to a tv without having to purchase a Fire TV streaming stick. Also, the inability to use the google play store is a major set back. If it weren't for those two complaint, I'd give this tablet 4 stars."	USB-C Charging Cable
I really love the new shape and size of the kindle HD. My daughter uses it and can control it great.	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm loving this new fire, mainly because I didn't fork out a couple hundred for it. My only beef is that magazines are formatted for the demensions of an iPad so don't look great on this	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my tablet easy to work and have no problem with down loads.and lite weight.	Flatscreen TV
Works okay as a tablet and especially to access Amazon.No good as a general tablet as there are no Google apps available, such as Chrome, gmail, etc.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love this Kindle. I love the fact that you can use an SD card for more storage. Great job	Flatscreen TV
The device is priced just right to give as a gift for an 8 year old	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We have had a hard time with tablets and our 8 year old who has been down loading apps since she was around 3-4 years of age so far this tablet has survived everything except the constant draining of battery when used by her .	iPhone
I believe it depends on how you want to use it. I bought this for my young kids and they are loving it. They can do basic stuff like surf the internet, watch youtube and play some games. The only complaint that I have is that sometimes it does not charge, even if you have have it connected for the whole night. You just have to restart the pad so that it can charge, but that is the only glitch.	Lightning Charging Cable
"Works well. I really like the bigger screen (up from the 7""). Easier to read, just as easier to use if not better."	Wired Headphones
This tablet is great for anyone who uses this for the basics.Load times can be a bit slow for browsing the web or streaming videos, but once it's loaded, it plays without buffering as long as you got internet speeds that are good enough. This tablet is a good size and great for pictures, downloaded videos and music. For its price, it makes a pretty good gift for someone wanting their first tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought one for the kids to use while we travel, lots of good free games. Installed VLC media player from the app store and filled up the SD drive with movies. Now they are nice and quite for hours on end.Battery life is awesome!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Can't beat the value on this. 5 stars even though it has less apps than the play store.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought my Fire HD8 as an alternative to carrying around my laptop and having to buy many textbooks for college. The fact that I saved well over $150 on one of the 5 books I had to get this semester was a godsend. Most all undergraduate courses I have seen are offered in eBook form for Kindle. If you do not care about having the constant ability of being on the internet without WiFi or other hotspot, it's a great resource. Pros:Price for this was still less than the money saved for my Biology Book.A lot less weight that 5 college textbooks.So far all books I need for college are available as eBooks through Amazon.A single charge can make it through an 8 hour school day.Cons:If you want/need a network connection, you have to use your phone as a hotspot or connect to another WiFi network. Bottom line, I wanted a cheaper alternative to having to lug over $750 in books around. I came out at well under $500 considering I bought this.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My only disappointment is the inability to download some of the apps I use in my phone.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had the previous model which was fine for reading but a little slow for other things. The extra .5 RAM makes a difference. Very happy and if you're a Prime member there are lots of freebies!	27in FHD Monitor
I like this tablet. It has everything you want. However the apps within it need to be updated more often. If this happened than it would be top above an iPad mini. For now, it gives me enough of what I need and in HD. For $89 it was a good deal.	Flatscreen TV
"Great inexpensive tablet for everyday use. It's not powerful enough for super graphical games but it's great for basic apps like surfing the web, emails, news, etc. Amazon has ""underground"" apps which is totally free (including in-app purchases). Only downside with those is that you sometimes see a full screen ads in them (usually products that's on your Amazon wishlist). All-in-all, it's a great tablet that you don't have to worry about if you break it."	Lightning Charging Cable
Great price of 89 dollars on a great tablet. It is very fast at everything accept game play. For example it plays asphalt 8 and the game is just barely playable. The graphics struggle on this tablet with higher graphic games. Also it is a Amazon tablet with no Google play store but you can load Google play on to it. There are great you tube videos on how to put Google play on a amazon tablet. The screen is good as long as the sun isn't hitting it. The stereo speakers sound great and loud. All in all I really liked the tablet for the price but I really like to play games with good graphic quality. So that being said I did return this tablet and ordered the Nvidia Shield 8 inch tablet through Best Buy for 199 dollars. I got the Shield a week ago and WOW!! What a difference in graphic gaming quality. This thing is just as good as an Xbox1 or ps4. The Nvidia Shield tablet is simply unbelievable for the price of 199 considering the Apple or Samsung tablets that are as fast as this tablet are at least twice the cost. Plus this dubbles as a gaming console for xbox or pc games with 4k out to you tv. The Amazon tablet is also a great tablet for normal usage but if your a gamer like me the Nvidia tablet is the tablet of choice hands down period!! I don't know why bbuy kind of hides the Nvidia tab only on their website and doesn't sell it in the store. If they displayed it in the store. This would outsell the Apple or Samsung tablets. I hope this helps thanks.	USB-C Charging Cable
I find this fire much lighter and very easy to use	Vareebadd Phone
"I use this primarily as a reader; however, it has a smaller number of unread books that are not in the familiar ""carousel"" as in other Kindle readers. As a tablet it is faster, brighter and more clear than other tablets that I have used for internet purposes. I would recommend this product to anyone who uses a tablet or a reader."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Does great on browsing and doing research easy to use and love the features especially the private browsing a great price as well	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great little tablet for a great price. I keep it at work for listening to music or some lunchtime reading.	ThinkPad Laptop
Wanted to travel without my laptop. Found the Fire to be perfect. Used it mainly for checking email and keeping up with Facebook posts of friends. Found the size of screen to be easy to read. Typing a tad uncomfortable until one has some experience using it. Have yet to use as an ereader.	Flatscreen TV
great tablet to replace kindle. Love the features.	iPhone
This is a great tablet for my teen. She loves it and the price can't be beat!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a great tablet. It has amazing storage. I use mine daily. Great for reading, surfing the web and games. The one small thing I don't like is Amazon prime shows are a bit dark for some reason. Hulu and Netflix work wonderful.	ThinkPad Laptop
The kindle is great to read on. I also like that you can play some games.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the amazon tablet very much and love to use	Bose SoundSport Headphones
its good performance and highly recommended to amazon users	USB-C Charging Cable
"I bought this for my wife to replace her 7"" fire that was having a hard time holding a charge anymore. She is thrilled! It was easy for her to transfer all of her books and apps from her old fire to this. She mainly uses this for books , email and some games so this is the perfect tablet for her. better graphics and quicker with the 16gb storage"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you don't want or need something cheaper than an iPad but of quality, this is a great happy medium.The processor makes for a fluid ride with it. It's speedy. The Android Store gives you good app options and the Amazon ecosphere is everywhere here.The software is a touch buggy but it's still a great deal of a tablet.For a child, for something you want to use casually on a dime, it's recommended.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to read. Light in weight. Has many good features.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I read about this new 8"" Amazon tablet in the New York Times. My Google Nexus 7, 4 years old, was getting slower and slower, and I needed to upgrade - for as little money as possible.This Amazon Fire 8"" is an excellent value for the money(only $89!) - very fast, great screen resolution, and easy to use. I was skeptical of the Silk browser, which I'd never heard of, but it works fine. There is no ""page forward"" arrow, which is odd, only backwards, but I can live with that.It has exceeded my expectations and I'm very happy with it. I'm not in the Amazon ecosystem, this is my first foray, and it's a good one! Congrats to Amazon for making an affordable, great quality tablet!Also, the purchasing experience at Best Buy was easy and convenient, as always!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"The new Fire HD 8 is an improvement over the Fire HD 7"". It is faster and the larger screen makes reading books much easier. I do wish the screen was easier to read when outside or in the car. Too much glare in those places."	USB-C Charging Cable
Love it! I'm not computer savy but was able to figure out most things without any help.	USB-C Charging Cable
Mother needed something since her tablet had died. Was lot easier for her to learn than her old table. She does lots more with Kindle than she did with tablet	20in Monitor
Light to carry and good picture quality. This was purchased for a hearing impaired person to download video in American Sign Language . This product was easy to maneuver for someone that was not use to a tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this tablet. I purchased them for gift and am so glad I did!	iPhone
The new Fire HD 8 tablet is a nice upgrade over the previous version. Storage doubled to 16 GB and the RAM increased by 50% to 1.5 GB. This makes the tablet faster and more responsive. With the improved battery life and much lower price, this is a great general purpose tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased it for my dad (70)He needed something easy to use. He really enjoys it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It a great product..,. The quality is awesome the pictures is good and clear...	ThinkPad Laptop
i have had not issues with my purchase. i found a great cover for it on line on amazon and use it every night. thank you for your service.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This has a great picture, good size, lots of storage and a camera. Would recommend	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I went from the 7 inch Kindle to the 8 and it really made a difference. Easier to read and clearer than my old one.	Vareebadd Phone
I love this Tablet. It's easy to use, a great price & lightweight.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is my second Kindle Fire HD. I was satisfied with the first one, but now I'm really enjoying the larger screen. My biggest need is to preserve the progress I've made in various games without having to replay them, but at least I have access to all my books, movies and games. Love the Kindle!	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the product. I use it every day for Web,Games and reading.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this to replace my wife's (1st generation) Kindle Fire. She likes it even better than the old one, especially the pinsharp screen.	Flatscreen TV
Great Kindle fire, works great for reading, playing games, etc. Highly recommend to everyone.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very pleased with this device. Great price, easy to use, and light weight.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice upgrade from my old kindle. I like it very much.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For the price this is perfect. I read books, search the web, watch Netflix. It's not an iPad but for the price it is amazing!	27in FHD Monitor
İt is cheap tablet option coming from amazon. Latest model will satisfy your needs	Flatscreen TV
Very descent for a non-IPAD. Good speakers. Great price. The screen is a little dark. Great buy if you have Amazon Prime since you can download stuff and watch it offline (great for trips, etc...). Overall great cheap IPAD or even as a back-up tablet. Terrific battery life too.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This thing looks nice, runs nice and feels nice and for the price I don't think you can find a better tablet.	LG Washing Machine
Got this for my 9 year old after her ipad crashed and burned. She does not like androids at all but I couldn't afford a expensive tablet for her. So we took a chance with this one. She is pleased and I'm pleased it seems so sturdy , not cheap quality at all. Going to get our youngest child one now. Very pleased.	Lightning Charging Cable
The quality of display is better than expected for the price. (Keep in mind that this is not an iPad!). Apps from amazon are well integrated and the functionality is fully enjoyable without limitation. Very satisfied with the product. This review is for Fire HD 8, 16 GB.	27in FHD Monitor
I like it but I had a hard time figuring things out.Do I get to talk to geek squad free? Can I come down to the store and get someone to help me with my questions.Will there be a fee for that service?	27in FHD Monitor
"Beautiful HD resolution on this tablet. Love the 8"" size, not too big nor too small."	Lightning Charging Cable
This is an awesome tablet, fast, great display and has all the apps I need for personal entertainment If you look for a great tablet for entertainment this is the best you can have, if you want a tablet for working applications this is not the one so be aware and buy this tablet if you want tons of entertainment. also it have a larger processor and internal memory and the external memory to keep all your photos is unbelievable I strongly recommend it, again, not for work but for entertainment.	iPhone
I bought 2, 1 for each kid. Easy to set up and figure iut. I went with the staff member's recommendation and I am so glad I did. I love the internet safety organ on it through Amazon. $2.50 a month per kid for unlimited age related and child safe Internet access and movies, books, games and apps and I can set the time it shuts off and a minimum time for them to read each day. Love love love.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good tablet, great price, easy to use, pick up simple	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very happy with my kindle. Would buy it for my kids	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I am a power user; there's no other way of putting it. I work in IT and I research the heck out of products before I buy. I had an iPad Mini 2 that was just not up to snuff with iOS 10 so I sold it and bought (and eventually returned) the 2016 Fire HD 8. First let me say it's a great tablet for the price and for probably 50-60% of tablet users who surf the web and watch Netflix. It also helps if you are a heavy Amazon content user. For me, I was spoiled by the retina display on the iPad. The 720p display is alright, but you can see the pixels. 189ppi is pretty low by today's standards. The other big thing for me was the lack of a laminated display. It's glare city on this thing. Display nitpicks aside, it punches above its price point. If you don't play really heavy games (which it even plays Titan Quest surprisingly well!) and you don't mind not having an absolutely beautiful screen I think it runs and works fine. It just wasn't for me. I bit the bullet and went with a 128GB iPad Air 2 as its on special at BB for super cheap right now."	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is not a bad product. Amazon offers greats products but this tablet was missing features even for a basic tablet. The lack of google chrome compatibility made this tablet not right for me.	Lightning Charging Cable
So I got my Fire HD 8 originally for ebooks since e-copies are much cheaper. Very easy to use, especially if you are not tech friendly. So glad I got this.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a good tablet. I bought it for my Gf who basically only wanted it for Netflix and YouTube. The display was good, not great. The issue we had was that it kept dropping the wifi connection. This could have been a defect in this one tablet but we returned it and got another one.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought the Kindle for my daughter. It's the 4th we have bought over the years, one for each child. Great product	Wired Headphones
GREAT value for the cost - not as fast as a high end tablet, but certainly faster than I was expecting. Clear viewing and easy navigation	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"Husband loves the 8"" tablet. The screen is big enough to view what he is reading"	LG Washing Machine
For first tablet I am pleased. An amazon name is good value.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent price point for my basic requirements. It has all the features I need for comfortable reading of online novels and articles.	20in Monitor
This is a good product for the price. Many more things can be done with this fire 8 than we dreamed about.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy access to my Amazon account. Easy to set up and use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This item has a very nice readout, and is well built as far as I can tell. The overall size is very suitable, and the price was reasonable. I get great service at Best Buy every time I shop there.	Wired Headphones
Does everything I needed and moreI use it as a travel companion and the size is great.	ThinkPad Laptop
Its so perfect for my niece & she loves it. Going to get another one for my son.	ThinkPad Laptop
the performance is so much faster than my old one and the graphics are much better too.	Flatscreen TV
Love my kindle it does everything I wanted I to do.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted a tablet that was easy to use that I could access my email, internet and stream shows/movies! It's perfect!	Lightning Charging Cable
As expected. I am very happy with this. This serves the purpose	Apple Airpods Headphones
Handy to use and size is good. It's light weight and that's important.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my husband birthday and he loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
This kindle is great. Battery lasts much longer than old kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Where do I begin...good clarity, I love the size and storage capacity! Very affordable, love watching Netflix on it. I do wish I could have gotten the purple, got the color black, but overall I'm very happy with my purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I didn't think to much of it at first glad at the store, I decided to purchase it. IT WAS THE BEST DECISION EVER MADE	Wired Headphones
I bought the Fire HD 8 & CaseI use it mostly for class..works very good..would be better if it had BlueTooth.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We have several kindles and this is the latest version. Its packed with Amazon marketing stuff which is fine if you use them but most just take up space for us. This new version comes with 16gb but allows you to expand the memory with an sd card which is great. One problem if you have a few other kindles is that they are linked to your account so if they are for different family members/kids they may end up with the same stuff on them. My kids mainly use them for game apps and YouTube videos which am seem to work great. The sound is good and the hd video is nice. Overall happy with it and the price was good for this type of tablet.	Wired Headphones
"I went into Best But to buy another reader but ended up buying a Fire 8; good value and has the things I need in a reader."	Lightning Charging Cable
Got the tablet for my grandson he's happy with it and use it as we speak	Wired Headphones
We bought this earlier on line from another vendor and it was never delivered. Best Buy was great.	Wired Headphones
Great buy. Bought it for my 10 year old niece. She loves it.	iPhone
I have always gone to buy a kindle because I like the books and th games available. But I found them very unpredictable and unreliable. The color burns futon screen, then the screens starts jumping. As a result I have purchased 8 over the years. Not sure if Want to go through that for the 9th time!	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's good, saves using up data usage on computer. I use it to keep up to date with the news.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"The Kindle Fire HD has a larger screen (8"" vs. 7"") and images are crisper with more vibrant colors."	Google Phone
Just lock the card out and let the kids go crazy!!	27in FHD Monitor
This is an awesome tablet perfectly for watch tv for my little nephew	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids enjoy reading books and playing games on the fire tablet.	Vareebadd Phone
I'm so glad i brought this because it is very handy and easy to use too. Everything about it is good and I really like it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
At the price it is almost an impulse buy. I wanted a tablet for an upcoming trip to watch some movies, read, etc and this was at a price point that made the decision really easy. If you are used to an iPad, the Fire HD is a little disappointing but it costs considerably less. It fit my needs but I felt some slugginess and several instances of needing to reboot to get certain apps to work correct. If you go in with the understanding this isn't an iPad replacement this should fit the bills for you. Let's just say, after my trip I purchased an iPad Pro and this item will likely be handed off to one of my children. If you have Amazon Prime, you do get some nice perks that make this a really nice item.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to follow directions allowed her to set it up with me watching over her shoulder.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my Autistic child. He loves it!!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I've enjoyed using my Fire HD8 tablet to play games.	USB-C Charging Cable
Beautiful screen, vibrant color, fast and best quality for the money.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I use it for downloading and reading books. It is the perfect size for this purpose. It is also very light.	iPhone
Bought for wife who is not into the techie word. She likes it - suggest buying a protective screen and padded case for it.	Lightning Charging Cable
My wife wanted an iPad. I bought her this because it was cheaper and good for reading and playing games. She uses iOS products so it's not compatible. She hardly ever uses it. Next time I'll get what she wants and not waste my money.	Lightning Charging Cable
Much better screen resolution than my 7 inch fire.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my Mom and she loves it. I used it myself and it's very easy to use and works nicely with Amazon Prime, etc. definitely would recommend especially for the price.	Wired Headphones
I enjoy using the tablet. I use it when I am biking.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This really a nice tablet.It runs great and it's thin and easy to hold.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet is quick and as good as my iPad! I use the tablet specifically for one aspect of my life and it performs great! I am pleasantly surprised by its performance!	ThinkPad Laptop
I have a 4 year old boy and 6 year old girl and 12 year old boy no cracks or broken yet yes they have dropped them no case but no cracks yet pretty amazing when they drop it on hard wood floors and still not broke!!	Wired Headphones
Wow I've had quite a few different kindles over the years and I've loved all of them. But this kindle fire hd 8 is by far my favorite. So glad my husband bought it for me the best purchase ever.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Upgraded from a standard Fire tablet. Better screen, a bit faster than standard Fire.	Flatscreen TV
In my opinion this the absolute best value on a tablet out there. No way to go wrong at this price	Lightning Charging Cable
the new sound and the faster speed plus other improvments are great	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am very happy with this Amazon tablet. I purchased it for business purposes, as well as recreational, and it works great for both. I did get an SD card for more memory. Also, if I would have bought directly from Amazon, there would've been a 1 month wait. However, I was able to order from Best Buy online, and pick it up that very day!!!	Google Phone
Its perfect to see my tv series when i don't have my tv around. It has a very good resolution quality.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought the 8"" to replace my old 7"". I love the bigger screen"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Freeze frequently... No way to trouble shoot or repair it...	Lightning Charging Cable
I got myself 1 of these tablets and so far I love the way it works You can enlarge the print and change the lighting to make it easier to read. The only thing with it is you must have an Amazon account to use it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This kindle rocks! Tons of storage at an awesome price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
bought it as a gift for my mother and she loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the fire....it works great and the navigation through the Fire is user friendly too. I think the 8 is the better buy for your money.	Lightning Charging Cable
BY FAR THE BEST TABLET IVE EVER OWNED, EASY AND QUICK SET UP	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is very good especially considering the price. also has memory slot to increase storage.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this tablet over the holidays when it was on sale. It has been a great tablet. The battery life is great on these new models. Also playing games everything moves smoothly since it has more ram. The durability of the tablet is great. This thing won't break if you drop it. The only thing I don't like is the fire os. You can't get everything you can get on the google store so not all apps are available.	ThinkPad Laptop
I have had a few kindle's in the past so this was nothing new for me but what I loved about this one is that the screen is big so when I am reading a book it's a lot easier than when I had the first kindle screen. I mostly use it just for the reading but being able to navigate the internet on it is great for when I want to look something up about the book real quick or if you want to search reviews on a book before purchasing. I love it!	Vareebadd Phone
Purchase this tablet during the Christmas sale. This tablet is a good tablet for a beginner. Easy to use and shows movies and videos very well.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for on the go. Good size screen to watch movies or read book.	iPhone
Light, portable and great features. Highly recommended.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"For the price and features offered on the tablet, I wouldn't purchase any other tablet. I enjoy using it and overall find it fairly easy to navigate. Easy internet browser with ""Silk"" and convenient access to all the applications I am interested in."	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for a friend he likes it.would recommend it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet was everything I was looking for: a cheap tablet that could download Netflix shows for offline viewing	USB-C Charging Cable
Unlike my first Kindle, this tablet gives me all kinds of information, advertisements and offers when I first turn it on. I could live without that, but overall, I am pleased with this new tablet. It does many things I haven't taken the time to explore, but hope to soon.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a great tablet for the price. Would give it 5 stars if it had included some sort of instruction manual. Otherwise, definitely recommend.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet with great features. I love my kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Can't beat the price on this tablet! Great for streaming or casual games.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for reading and Netflix. Fits nice in purse. Good price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good value at a very affordable price. Can't beat it.	Vareebadd Phone
Works great prety fast operating system dosent heat up	Lightning Charging Cable
We love this so much in our home. We bought a super tough case and let our two and six year old use it. They love watching their movies on it and playing different apps. It is a really good value!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet! Brought this for my wife and she loves reading off of it! Great price, easy to use! Great purchase!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very fast, very functional. Love the e-reader function. Movies, music and internet work great. LOVE IT!	Lightning Charging Cable
I received this as a gift from my husband. It's great for reading, gaming and watching Netflix.	iPhone
I exchanged a highly unsatisfactory Insignia unit for the Fire. I was looking for a 10 inch screen, but went to the smaller size for performance. I have no complaints with the Amazon product, other than the ubiquitous advertising.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves her tablet. I had to make sure I brought a case because it is very thin. No problems and I can see everything she downloads	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Have a fire 7 and wanted a bigger screen, love the new one.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect for our needs and an on the go mini computer and ereader.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet is great for books, audible books, music and all things Amazon. The included browser (Silk) is not the best. I purchased expanded memory (64GB SD card) for about $30 more and a cover for about $20. The biggest issue I have with this unit is that it is slow (when compared to an iPad) and it tends to freeze every so often. For about 2.5x more money, consider an iPad instead.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tablet use it for reading and email. Great price!	Wired Headphones
Nice little tablet. Functional and easy to use.Fits the needs that I need to use it for.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome.and repeat 50 times. That should do it. Blah.	Wired Headphones
I initially bought the tablet for school, I use Kindle to rent books but after using it to stream Xfinity, Netflix, and Amazon Prime I loved the sound and picture quality. I would recommend this to anyone needing a good low cost tablet with great battery life.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We have had no issues with this tablet. Love it!TY	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price it's a bargain. This is a perfect solution for a reader and simple browsing. I use this at night before bed.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My first tablet experience and it's awesome. I love being able to stream movies and have numerous apps at my fingertips.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my wife and she loves it! This was our third kindle over a period of many years'Can't go wrong for the price.	ThinkPad Laptop
Love this tablet. Power lasts long. Short charge time. HD screen is really clear. Only con is that there are some apps not available like Google play. Very satified. Have a 128gb card in mine . Plenty of space for downloads. The camera has no flash and is not the best but I didnt buy this tablet for that. High recommend the HD tablet 8gb amazon fire. You want go wrong.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet does all the things I really need. I have it some thought before buying I don use most of the features a more expensive computer/tablet has. Have been very happy with my purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my wife's birthday. She had an older model and wanted an upgrade. She seems very happy with it and uses it every day	Google Phone
Very user friendly...long lasting battery....very clear display	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Worse graphics, won't keep a wireless connection,overall not satisfied	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to transfer my stuff from my old Kindle into this new one. Love the price and how easy it is to use. Great buy.	iPhone
This is my first kindle. It works great for my use. Mostly reading, email, and Amazon shopping.	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazon Fire HD8 is one of the best deal at 89$. Strong, efficient, low price and some Amazon features that I love. Youtube videos of how to get googleplay and android apps have made things lot more easier. And now, microsoft office is available online for free that I can access and edit my documents. What else do I need? Amazon is more respectable brand name than other low price brands or used/old models of high price brands. Definitely recommend it.	Wired Headphones
I held off getting a tablet and wish I had done it sooner. The Amazon Fire 8 is great and easy to use	Google Phone
i have been looking at tablets for a long time, most of them a little expensive for what i would use it for. This tablet lets me read, email, searches and the best part I can buy books through amazon and not have to carry heavy books with me when i travel	Lightning Charging Cable
Not the highest quality of tablet out there, but for the price you almost can't beat it, especially if you are an Amazon Prime member.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I liked the screen size and easy to read books at night. The battery has a long life. The outer rcase could be stronger because concerned about durability.	Flatscreen TV
Works great for everything we want our daughter to do	AA Batteries (4-pack)
it's wonderful. I love it. It's easy to watch movies, play games and read books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
love it just like my other one just better!!! since I already own a kindle I knew this was what I wanted. Just needed a second one and a little bigger. Always loved the service and help I get at BB so I knew I would purchase it there!! Found salesman to be knowledgeable and most helpful. Thanks so much for your help and service	iPhone
New Kindle replaced my old Kindle that had a lot of books. To my surprise the book transfer worked well. Seems to work surfing the net. Music sound is only okay.	27in FHD Monitor
Great little device that does almost everything a Tablet does. I use it as my computer when I travel as well as a reader.	Lightning Charging Cable
Has meet all my needs plus some. Recommend you buy a good stylus pen at the same time.	USB-C Charging Cable
It fits just right in your hand. Light weight. Love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I extremely happy with my purchase. I like that the screen is just a little bigger and much faster.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good picture, works well, great variety of apps. keep in mind that you get apps from amazon, not google play, so they aren't always the same or same price	Lightning Charging Cable
This replaced my old Kindle Fire. I have not yet explored all of the features but, so far, it is performing very well. Tablet is a good size and weight, and easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet has been the best one for the price we have purchased 3 other tabs for our kids and they have all broke and ran super slow they love them would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to save a buck but want quality	20in Monitor
I would recommend this product it is a good tablet to use have had no problems.	Lightning Charging Cable
Kids love it, under $100 so the price is great. Don't have to worry about it getting mishandled as much. Still can't get them off the ipad though.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I went with this tablet based on many good customer reviews, but my experience was not a good one. From the start I was on the phone every day for at least an hour with Amazon tech support for one issue or another. Most of the techs were very polite, but not all knew the product very well. At one point I asked one of them about trying to save some RAM and they kept referring me to the storage, which told me they didn't even know the difference between RAM and regular storage. The internet browser was basic and it ran very slow at times, even when all my other wifi devices ran great. Then a day would pass and I'd be trying to type an email and the keyboard would just stop working...wtf??? Come to find out it's a ""known issue"" and ""they're working on it"". After two weeks of one thing after another I got fed up and just returned it. I wanted it to work, and gave it a good run, but just not quality stuff. To me it was like Walmart trying to build their own computer when they're obviously not a computer manufacturer, neither is Amazon. If I were you I'd look at a regular Android tablet from a reputable PC manufacturer, which is exactly what I did next. I got an ASUS tablet for only a few dollars more, and it's unbelievable. 1000% better in comparison to the Amazon Fire HD8. Save yourself the aggravation and go with ASUS or some other company that is specifically in the computer business full time. Sorry Amazon, not this time!"	Apple Airpods Headphones
Not very fancy, but not slow. If you have Amazon Prime, you have a access to a great library of TV shows and Movies for free. Same goes for free book rentals. The Amazon App store is not so great, lots of apps are outdated but still work. Just not the latest versions you would expect. But the Amazon Underground appstore does offer free access to games you would normally pay for. It's decent for it's price and a good deal if you don't want anything fancy.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my Kindle fire. Had a Kindle and it disappeared. Enjoy not having to go to library for books. I get a great selection of books every day.	Lightning Charging Cable
Light weight and easy to use. Very user-friendly. Durable.	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the price the tablet can not be beat. I use this over my ipads that i have. There is nothing i cant do with this tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I recently upgraded to this tablet; it is everything I wanted. Highly recommend!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It was a good buy and tried this for a day. It was fast and experience was good.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I purchased this tablet knowing exactly what my needs were and how well the Kindle could meet them. Despite the ""walled garden"" philosophy that tethers you mostly to Amazon products and services, the ability (as of right now) to side-load the Google Play Store makes this a surprisingly versatile device for the price point."	
This is a great tablet for the price! I bought it to replace my iPad mini. Great for ereading and general browsing.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"This replaced a Kindle 7 HDX with 32GB of ram. The older tablet had a charging port that wasn't functioning anymore. Had the Geek Squad warranty so they issued a full credit for the old tablet and my son chose the HD8 as his new tablet. Other than the screen resolution being lower and less memory, great tablet. My son didn't care about the resolution and the new Kindles let you pop in an SD card for more storage. Popped in a 64GB SD card and he's a happy camper now.. ;)"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this as a gift but have had extensive time with it. It's a great budget tablet, phenomenal screen and a very smooth interface. Handles all apps and HD content well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a birthday gift to my husband. He really likes it and it does what he needs it to do	Lightning Charging Cable
"I ""retired"" an earlier version and this new souped up model more than meets my needs, and the battery lasts so much longer!!"	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have a kindle and wanted more options. I love the bigger screen. I find it easy to read. It can have some reflection under lights but not much.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is easy to set up, has great resolution, and is perfect for reading books or surfing. The price is affordable, too. It is perfect for anyone who wants a fun and casual way to use technology.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This was bought to replace my old Kindle with keypad, and experimental internet. Was surprised how much the Kindle had changed, and at the same price as my old one was when I bought it!Have already shown it to a couple of friends who now say they are thinking about getting one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Really enjoying my new tablet. I like to travel and me and my family use it to play game and watch movies. Just the right size to.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Liked this Kindle upgrade. The color screen and backlights allowed for easy night use	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoy the new kindle, only things I would like to change is the way screen darkens and lightens while reading. Not sure how to stop that. Occurs consistently. Also, would like to stop the ads seen each and every time kindle is turned on to start reading again. That is bothersome. Otherwise, am happy with the kindle.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased the 8 inch device. Also purchased black cover.I played for it and asked if I could get it set up and was told it would be 40 more dollars. I did not have 40 more dollars so I left the store with my kindle and had someone else set it up for free. I was disappointed I had to get someone else to set up my kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My previous Kindle was dying and I wanted a new replacement fast. I went to Amazon and while they had one it was back ordered a month. Expecting to pay more I went to Best Buy and not only found it for the same price but even better it was available at my local store and I could pick it up the same day!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got this for my son to play games on soI could get my iPad back. Personally I think it's a great little tablet for kids and or for reading. Other then that it's not a high powered game playing tablet or anything to keep lots of storage on. But it works for what it's intended for andI have no problems.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use You cant beat it for the price you pay	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This Kindle is larger than my old one and book reading is much easier. Some features I don't use so can't comment on them. All in all I love it.The only drawback was that the store had no covers that fit this Kindle.	Google Phone
We purchased this as a replacement for our now-broken iPad. Though we liked the smaller size (more convenient, easier to carry, etc), the internet was sooooooo slowwwwww that it drove us crazy. Sometimes minutes to download a site (and this with no other apps open!1). Plan to go back to another iPad.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet is great and easy to use thankfully because its my 1st tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
This is an item that is easy to use for novices. My child uses it and has no issues	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use. Pretty user friendly. It is good value for the price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
No problems with tablet, kids love it and the size is great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My nephews love to play with my phone. Now as anyone who has been around small humans knows they have an astounding ability to perpetually have something sticky on their hands. However, if its a rare case where they don't they will probably drop the device from the lack of said stickum. The kindel has come to my rescue as it has everything they need to be entertained. And best of all it lacks the anxiety inducing price tag for that moment when the kids demonstrate Murphy's law in action.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was a present for my 14 year old grandson. He was very pleased.	Wired Headphones
"The Kindle fits me to a ""T"". Very quick to start. It shows how to get things done."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"For under $100 this 8"" tablet is a bargain. I do all I want on it like; check email, Facebook, Twitter, watch YouTube, read books, and shop on eBay or Amazon. I've been very pleased with my purchase."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this for my wife for our anniversary she loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
I love to read and this tablet work great for my needs.	27in FHD Monitor
I know beforehand that this is not a powerful tablet. But it's the best bargain at this price point . The screen is okay if you just read books, news, or surf the websites. But if you want to enjoy videos-this is not your choice.The processor is slow and the amazon app store doesn't have all the apps like you'd expect from Google appstore- even though the OS based on android. But few tweaks let you install the Google playstore-search online for the steps.Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase. Hope this is helpful.	Wired Headphones
I bought it for my grand daughter, she knew how to use it right away. You can purchase a rubber case in different colors for protection.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is just an average tablet. Bit slow but is a good option for people on budget	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very nice for reading and watching videos. Strong wi fi is a must. Slippery to hold so buy a cover	20in Monitor
Tablet stopped working after owning for two weeks. Came back on after an hour.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This device is great for the price! I use it for my daughter and after having seeing the ads on amazon, I thought this would perfect for her.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I think that the Amazon Kindle tablet was a great purchase for my teenage daughter and grandson, very easy to operate. It kept them entertained for hours while we were traveling on the train for vacation.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great device. Works very well and use it throughout the day.Keeps me informed and great for looking up things and staying in contact.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my kindle, I can listen to music,read my emails, or pick a book to read. Everything loads up easily.	27in FHD Monitor
I really enjoy my new kindle, still getting used to it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have done this like 5 times now. Don't send me this ahs8n. Getting aggravating.	Wired Headphones
This is an affordable tablet and works well, you just have to deal with a lot of advertising.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love how I am able to run the latest Minecraft on this device, but am not able to on a 3-year-old iPad. It seems as apple handy cap their devices. Resolution may not be the best, but for the little buggers it works fine	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my Fire HD8 I got it because my Kindle(the original) that my husband bought me died and the Verizon Tablet wasn't working great for me. So I came down and the agent at store showed me this one, there is a learning curve but it gets better and takes a while to learn but I love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Does all the basic stuff I need at a great price. I use it for some apps, web browsing and some video. Picked this over the Fire 7"" for the screen size, resolution and CPU/GPU. Battery life is pretty good. Ads aren't too annoying.Far cheaper than competing name-brand budget tablets while doing almost everything needed at this level and probably better supported. FireOS will always be a little behind the current Android version and I'd rather have Google Play than Amazon, but this still allows for side-loading stuff.Recommend if you're ok with living in Amazon's world and/or proficient enough to load other app stores or packages (or know somebody can)."	Lightning Charging Cable
this item work just as I expected it to, great product!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is the third Fire we've purchased, and Amazon finally made this level memory-upgradable. That has made all the difference. I bought Fire tablets for use as a 'kid tablets', for which they work great...until you run out of memory. 8GB is practically nothing these days (I remember when having 64kb was a HUGE upgrade to my Atari!) so being able to toss in a memory card give my kids much more utility.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Have a nook , this is much better has more apps and thru amazon	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the size and the HD quality. Just what I was looking for!Downloads apps really fast!	20in Monitor
Never thought a tablet at this price could be this good. Totally recommended!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my sixth unit and has features many of the newer models didn't have.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Thank..............................................	27in FHD Monitor
I had the original kindle fire for ten years and I loved it. But it broke on me and I decided on this one after looking at all the upgrades from the original. It let's you do so much more, but some of the tutorials (like for the internet) weren't helpful.	Wired Headphones
Lightweight, nice display and not too large to carry.	Lightning Charging Cable
this is the perfect size for an older person who uses it minimally.	20in Monitor
Good tablet, satisfied. One point annoying...silk browser makes Yahoo email a list and have to tap HTML to read each one...Awkward.	20in Monitor
I love the apps that are on here and everything else I think it's the perfect tablet for a beginner has all of the apps that you will need	Wired Headphones
Love this tablet. 16GB memory but have expansion slot. Bought 128GB micro SD card for $56. Love this feature	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love Amazon Fire HD8... It is so easy to use and perfect for reading books on or cruising Social Media. I love that it has Alexa included on it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love my Kindle for reading manga and comics. The fact that the graphics are worse than my phone detracts a little from the expirence, but serves to remind me that I cheaped out and bought yesterday's model. This is not a real negative, it just appeares less crisp than my phone. The increased picture size more than makes up for it in my book.	iPhone
This thing lasted not even a month before it went dead. Going to try and take it back	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this so the grandkids could use it. They already have one at their house. My husband has been using it also & he likes it. He has never used a tablet before but he has enjoyed it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a fantastic tablet for the price. This is a great alternative to an IPad.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I had an original Kindle that I replaced with this newer one. I love it!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 8 year old loves this so much to do on it. She enjoys reading on it play games .	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased this tablet for my 9 year old son and he loves it. Nice bright screen and has two speakers for pretty good sound for a tablet. Great for games and watching videos.	iPhone
This was purchased on Black Friday as an impulse buy and we absolutely love it! It was a great price and the size of the tablet is perfect. It works great!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great little tablet for someone who is always on the go.	iPhone
I love my tablet no regrets the pic are great I recommend it!	USB-C Charging Cable
It's a great item to have when you are out and about. It's easy to connect to Wi-Fi and it's small enough to fit in my purse.	Flatscreen TV
Nice product for the price. It does what we need it to do. Easy to use and handy to have with you instead of a heavy laptop.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was a surprise when we opened it up! Bright and colorful!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice look. Great memory and camera. For this much money everything is so good.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my niece for Christmas. She mostly uses as ereader and checking email.	Wired Headphones
I'm happy with my purchase is all I can say. The only complaint I have is that the 3.5 mm Jack is right next to the volume button and it gets in the way.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good tablet for the price. Nice display good performance.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Loved my first kindle so the upgrade to the new one was practically seamless.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is I think the best product I've bought. I already own eight that I've purchased through the years for my family and they seem to only get better and less expensive in price.	ThinkPad Laptop
I have been completely satisfied with this product. The quality of graphics is great and downloads are a breeze. I would definitely recommend this product.	iPhone
I bought this as a present for a friend, and he uses it all the time. The HD screen is crystal clear, and this tablet competes well with the bigger names.	USB-C Charging Cable
My dad is a first time user for anything techie he has really enjoyed it.	USB-C Charging Cable
If you enjoy reading you will not find a better device. Excellent price for a product of this quality	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my great granddaughter for a gift. She loves it and it is easy for her to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
Was bought for a Christmas gift. My 11 year old son loves it.	Wired Headphones
A friend of mine was in the market for a new tablet. I had researched the Fire tab for some time and liked the specs, which met her needs. I decided to buy her one for her b day, SHE LOVES IT!	Wired Headphones
Works great with all the Amazon stuff, like Kindle, Alexa, etc.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My kid enjoys the tablet. This one is inexpensive than ipad. The availability of apps are limited.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle, it is what I like to use at the end of the day or for business trips. The only annoying things are the amount of advertising the put on this version. It was only $35 for Christmas so I can't complain.	Wired Headphones
im always using my amazon tablet...perfect for games!!!	Wired Headphones
Great price. Fantastic gift! I would recommend this for a gift for all ages.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love to read! Having the Kindle Fire is like having hundreds of books at my fingertips!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a Christmas present for my wife. Reads it all the time!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great all around tablet. Color and resolution is very nice. Best price for a nice product.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my son as a birthday gift and as a way to not wear out his laptop. Works great especially for videos and general online use.	Google Phone
This was an impulse buy. While getting a bigger, faster and much better tablet for my wife I decided I'd get this for myself. It did the job just fine, but after about a week I returned it. I just didn't find myself using it wnough to warrant keeping it. The price is awesome and if you don't mind it being a bit slower than other, much more expensive, tablets then I don't think you can go wrong.	Wired Headphones
I use this all the time. So much better than bringing out the laptop.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet is definitely recommended if you are looking for light to medium usage. Tablet is snappy and quick but slarts to lag after installing multiple apps.Amazon app store is good but there are few essential apps that are not available, though you can install them using black market.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Nice it all ready has Amazon and apps built in. Great buy.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this tablet for my wife and she absolutely loves it. I also use it for school which works great with writing notes directly on PowerPoints	Lightning Charging Cable
So far so good. This is replacing a broken kindle fire.	Google Phone
Bought this for my husband. He has really enjoyed it.	iPhone
Great for my son. I monitor school work and apps he downloads.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love my kindles. This is the 4th one. The others I wore out. I enjoy this one the most . Easier researching things , lot more options etc	Macbook Pro Laptop
Very good value tablet. Does everything pretty well. Brightness isn't great. Battery takes a while to charge but lasts forever. Decent buy. Would recommend.	Google Phone
Really enjoy my kindle. Fits perfect in my purse and the screen is a good size.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for Christmas for my husbandand now I 've had it for months. I am still happy with this purchase. It has a nice screen and is easy to see what you are viewing. I will be buying another one for myself soon.	27in FHD Monitor
I really like the feel and ease of use. It's a great tablet for the price.	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet. I was surprised at how efficient and easy to use it is. I bought 8 of these for gifts to make Bible study easier for a bunch of friends.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We purchased this for my wife's mother. She likes to play games on it and do some reading.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Needed a new Kindle. Wasn't sure what one to choose. This one is GREAT!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This product is OK but is not the best you can get. for a sale item fine. battery life seems to be a little short. Bottom line.....So so	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So far I am extremely satisfied with my purchase. Great product for a great price!	Flatscreen TV
I use this while underway and it's a perfect size to travel with	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love it. Great gift. Awesome for those who don't have a tablet or never used one	ThinkPad Laptop
Works great with my amazon prime account and for browsing Internet and playing game. Cheap tablet as well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Had it for about a week and now it won't take charge, tried new chargers and still not taking charge. Happy with tablet but unhappy about not chatging	Apple Airpods Headphones
Overall I think the Kindle Fire HD is a great product. No complaint so far.	Google Phone
I am extremely happy with my purchase. The kindle is very fast and the screen is clear.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet, fast & reliable. Only downfall is having to pay to remove adds.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It all of a sudden has stoped charging I have only used it a few times in the short time off purchase. Can I get a replacement or how best can I be helped	USB-C Charging Cable
The Fire HD8 tablet is so easy and fun to use. Take it everywhere. Love that it is easier to see than a cell phone, for those with old eyes.	27in FHD Monitor
My wife's mom wanted a tablet. This was a great way to get her into technology and she LOVES it. Not iPad or galaxy but good start.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased b/c my old kindle fire finally bit it ...screen went dark. Very happy with this one. Cost is great. The screen resolution is great. User friendly. My favorite feature is the SD card so you can add more gb.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought it for my daughter. Works great Store personnel did an excellent job	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a reliable brand and a good product for price.	27in FHD Monitor
Our son just LIVES this unit. He has all his favorite games on it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this kindle for the extra size. I have recently been having trouble with seeing clearly so I figured with the size it may be easier. It was and I really like being able to change the color of the fonts and background, it seems to help immensely.	Wired Headphones
Great budget tablet at a great price. Long battery life and high quality display.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I traded this in after receiving a 7"" at Christmas and I am happy I did. I love the size of the screen for reading my books (which I have too many of) and a great size for watching movies. I do wish I had the capability to use internet when I am away from home, yet other than that, this is a great buy."	Wired Headphones
Overall I like the Fire HD8 tablet, hard to beat at that price point. Sure the more expensive tablets are faster, brighter, better, but for the money and casual surfing it is just right. Good companion to Prime Membership, wouldn't be half as good without.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is great tablet. Its great for people who don't need a lot of apts. or store a lot on it. Doesn't over heat. Light weight.	Google Phone
I was going to get a Samsung tablet but for doing everything this is better	Lightning Charging Cable
amazon tablet is great. no google bloatware. everything is amazon. one thing i didnt like was. ads on the lock screen and no way to turn off.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this tablet to replace a 3 year old Galaxy Tab. This tablet is quick and easy to use, relatively streamlined. The screen is nice and the stereo speakers, while tiny, sound better than my old tablet. The modified Android system that Amazon is running on this tablet is good, just a bit restrictive. All in all a good tab for general browsing and popular apps.Pros:-Price-Performance-Feels sturdy-Easy to navigate-Silk browser works greatCons:-Not all apps are supported on here, like Telegram-Ads on lock screen feel unnecessary, but not a hindrance-Not as customizable as other Android tabs	Apple Airpods Headphones
I needed to replace my old reader, and found that this model was just as good. if not better, and at a greatly lower price. I have enjoyed using it for about a month, and am very please with it.	LG Dryer
I didn't expect anything less than what I got with this Kindle.	Flatscreen TV
Bought this for my daughter to replace a worn out ipad. She is happier with the size. The resolution is nice. Great buy for the price	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet could be so much better if the apps actually worked decently. The built in Amazon pieces for Prime members is great and work flawlessly. But it's not enough to overcome the terrible app behavior and countless freezes.  They need to take a lesson or two from Apple.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have only used this a few times so far, but I like it. The lightweight and pretty easy to navigate. Perfect screen size too. I ended up purchasing a second one for my fiancé.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The size of this table is great I'm able to carry it in my purse with no problem!	Lightning Charging Cable
Really nice customer first service. I have had other Kindle readers before so was familiar with the unit.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet mostly for watching movies. I downloaded movies from Netflix and watch them during indoor bike training at the gym. I love the ability to expand the memory with a microSD card, which iPads do not. It's pretty fast and has all the features I need. I read kindle books with it as well. The drawback is that some apps are not compatible with this device. The iPad is definitely more powerful and compatible with many apps I use, but this is a great tablet for most of my current interests.	Wired Headphones
Before the 8 inch kindle we the old 7 inch one, which both tablets are great but this one so much nicer. The screen is bigger, more storage amd Love the color on the back. Great Tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm enjoying the longer battery life, faster processing and most of all the ability to expand the memory. Highly Recommended!	USB-C Charging Cable
She loves it . it's the best thing we could of ever brought her	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this tablet for my son and he has loved it. It's so easy for him to use and easy for me to set parental controls.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice little tablet for the money. A few ads to deal with.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I use it to read books. Have read a lot of books on it. The right size and lighting for any situation.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my computer loving 89-year-old dad. Now he can check his emails from his chair rather than having to go into his computer room!	20in Monitor
Bought on Black Friday for $60, add a trifold case, portable TV while I do dishes/cook/anything	27in FHD Monitor
Got this when it was on sale which is what really made it worth getting.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet works well, slim design is perfect. Highly recommended to purchase this tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect purchase for me. I take it everywhere and is so easy to use!	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased this a couple of weeks ago, no complaints so far. Web pages load pretty quickly on the Silk browser, and the battery life is excellent. After installing Google Play Store (it's really easy!) even more apps are available. Can't beat this for under a hundred dollars!!!	Flatscreen TV
"After having a basic Kindle for 6 years, I moved up. I am thrilled with all this product can do. I am an avid reader. The Fire let's me do that and lots of other things. I am still finding apps, and other things it will do. I know this sounds ""old fashioned"", but it would be great to have a user's manual! Thanks for asking."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought as a replacement kindle for my mother in law. She loves it perfect size for her.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my 4 the Kindle and is well worth the price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My wife loves this tablet.Much easier to use than previous 2 tablets that we purchased.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's great!! Light weight! Charges quickly! Great features!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Will not seem to charge all the way and this is my 7th Kindlle.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nicer than my old fire. Better screen area to view	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My husband and I both use this and really love it. We got kindle unlimited for the books but it's also great for playing games and surfing the web too.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love my new Kindle Fire - easy to use - the battery life is amazing!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect size for reading watching movies and carrying on a plane	Wired Headphones
I upgraded from a 7 to an 8 inch. What a difference. Totally satisfied would recommend this to everyone I know	Apple Airpods Headphones
and it out performs some of the bigger name brand tablets out there. if you looking for a good video and somewhat customizable tablet at a great price do not pass this up.	Wired Headphones
If you need a basic tablet then the fire works. It falls apart when compared to the iPad mini from a usability, functionality and available apps standpoint.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Worked great but after awhile I wouldn't unlock. After I'd enter my pin, the screen would go black. I took it to geek squad (luckily I bought the protection plan!) and told me they don't fix them they just replace them. So I got another one but that one did the exact same thing. Ended up returning that one too.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
seems a lot better, does not have the open cover feature, which I miss, but still getting used to the differences and trying to get my thing back on that I had on the old 1	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Really easy to use, nice size, works great, affordable price, extra card slot for storage, bright screen, good speakers, easy to download apps,	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is my third Kindle. My sister bought me my first one and I said I didn't need it and probably wouldn't use it. I was so wrong! I use it everyday. When it died, I bought another one and then a third. I can't live without a kindle.	Wired Headphones
I bought the kindle fire 8 for my husband and I to use. Neither one of us have been able to figure out how to use it. Every time we open it advertisements pop up. And we just try buttons to remove it. We cannot get it to rotate for our puzzles. Just too complicated to use and to navigate around. I will be returning it. We have an iPad and it's much easier.	Lightning Charging Cable
bought this for my niece and it works perfect, she easily navigates all menus and features...	Lightning Charging Cable
An inexpensive tablet that can satisfy your reading and viewing pleasure. Fast and good quality product. Recommended!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 2 yr old. Easy to use. Good parental controls. As long as you're not comparing it directly to an iPad, then it's a pretty good tablet for the $$	Macbook Pro Laptop
like it at first, but it is going slow sometimes. overall good product	Wired Headphones
We bought the tablet for our kid and it actually is good for her.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great little tablet to take with you, great for kids	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Only problem is that it is impossible to read or do anything on the KindleFire with any light in the room at all; far worse than impossible in sunlight. There should be some sort of temporary screen or other add-on that can be used with the device when in sunny or bright locations."	Wired Headphones
I like this and the price is right enjoying it now	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I Bought this as a gift for my daughter! She is diabetic and losing her vision. I am hoping the large text will be easier for her to see so she keeps reading.	Vareebadd Phone
I have ordered a couple of these for my family members and say that they work great and do everything that they are supposed too. Highly recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have a nexus 9 but it is painstakingly slow so I wanted something that does not lag Everytime I try to use the browser and does not freeze whilst playing games and this gets the job done very well. The battery life is also very good. Highly recommended for casual browsing and games.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet, only thing needed is a better camera. However, for the price, it can't be beat.	iPhone
Lightweight, performant, and packed with features. This device is great for reading, music, or movies on the go as well as web browsing and email.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, like lighted screen for reading in dark	Apple Airpods Headphones
Better than I expected for the price. Works good and I would fully recommend	27in FHD Monitor
I am very satisfied with this product. It performs extremely well in all areas of its operation.	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought one of these for my daughter to help with her learning. There are so many possibilities with this. It's way cheaper than an Ipad and does basically the same thing.	USB-C Charging Cable
I absolutely love my Fire tablet. Great size, lots of space and a great reader. I can't recommend this product enough.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like this tablet, its thin, light and easy to use. It's great for kids and adults as well.	Wired Headphones
Have been pleased with my purchase of the Fire HD8 as it's video quality is great when viewing ESPN3/Netflix/YouTube Tutorials.The ability to easily load and read my saved textbooks within the Amazon Kindle App is fantastic for a fraction of the price for an IPAD. : )	Wired Headphones
The first Fire HD8 we purchased died within 1 week of purchase. We had to go back and exchange it for a new one. Not a good sign so far.	Lightning Charging Cable
I I bought this for a friend since she liked mine so much.It is a great way to check emails and read Kindle e-Books.I keep an SD card in mine and store my books on it. You can just drop this in your purse to read on the go.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Husband is a first time user, he is doing really well with it.. He has low vision problems and this made reading his favorite books a lot easier to read.	iPhone
It's actually a very good product for a decent price. Not lightning fast but it is okay for everyday use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love customer service very knowledgeable and helpful	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good tablet for the price economical and the ability to carry in backpack	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this Kindle for my husband's birthday. I have had a Kindle since 2013 and I used it mostly to read and check emails while travelling. My husband is not particularly a book reader, but he spends way too many hours alone, in his office, reading his face book messages. Now, with the new Kindle he actually multi-tasks, in the living room, on facebook, email, and internet, at least in proximity to me, so he might even join me in a conversation! I think his Kindle has much imporoved our 35 year marriage!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It is easy to use. It was cheap. Have not found anything about it that I do not like.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
i really love this product because it lets me read books and surf the net	Lightning Charging Cable
Love this tablet. Bought it to be my touch screen remote for my harmony hub, but use it for so much more now.	Lightning Charging Cable
make sure you buy a micro sd card with at least 64 gb of memory. or you will have to constantly delete old items.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good product but the one I bought stops working after three or four typed sentences and the Geek Squad guy told me when I brought it back that I had to go into settings and clear the data when it does that. WRONG ANSWER. That should never have to be done. He had no idea what he was doing and North Haven Best Buy didn't offer to fix or replace my Kindle. This is the third product I have had to go back and either return or exchange because it wasn't working properly or at all. One manager tried to excuse the store by asking me if I understand Best Buy doesn't actually manufacture these products. If that is the best they can do to explain why they, as the Point of Sale, keep selling defective products, the North Haven store has a big problem.	Google Phone
like the speed the 8 inch screen is great. Works well.	USB-C Charging Cable
Up and coming new technology helps everyone to enjoy life more greatly	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is the perfect tablet for my purposes. Easy to use and the perfect size. Not too large and not too small.	ThinkPad Laptop
This device is s really good piece of electronic. It is a good reader and also is very good for my 2 year old granddaughter to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
For my son as a present for college books. 5 textbooks were 1/4 the price on kindle than if we bought them on Amazon, this is my third kindle. Other two still working great,	Wired Headphones
"I bought this to replace a 7""fire hd tablet that broke. Amazon changed the operating system so it took me a while to figure it out. I set this up for my son with special needs. I tried to make it as simple as possible for him. It is a little bigger. The sound isn't as good as the previous fire tablet. It also seems very slippery. I got a rubber honeycomb type cover for it. That seems to help us to grip it better. Over all, it's a good tablet for a child. Just use parental controls, and get a good cover for it."	iPhone
Reciever of this really likes and and says its a step up from the fire hd7, so I guess that is what counts.	Lightning Charging Cable
"My bf got me this as a birthday present from my son. It's just like my 7"" although larger. I cannot tell the different between the regular and the HD and I game on it. I'm not sure if it cost more, but wouldn't waste the money if it did."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"Noticeable improvement over the fire 7 inch. If you're a first-time tablet owner then the fire 7 inch is a great device. But if you've owned a tablet with higher specs, there is a noticeable improvement with the fire 8 inch . The Fire 8"" has a better display and faster processing."	Flatscreen TV
Very satisfied for $39.95 sales price. Way faster than I expected.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased this for a small child to use. She is quite happy with it, however it was a little too slow for my taste.	Macbook Pro Laptop
"My new Kindle is an upgrade from my 7 year old Kindle Fire. As to be expected the video quality is better along with faster performance and more features. I still use my old Kindle as it is still ticking but the ""shiny new toy"" is fun."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the second Fire tablet that I have purchased. The first I returned in after I was not able to load YouTube onto the tablet. Amazon's take on Android was just to unfriendly to make it work. With this new tablet, Amazon has heard my concern and now I'm enjoying this tablet. It's well built for a sub-$100 device, but won't stand up to a lot of abuse.	USB-C Charging Cable
Reliable, price efficient device. Easy to use for all ages.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I can play games, surf the internet or watch movies. I can check my e-mail or just about do anything I can do on a regular computer.I strongly recommend it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a terrific tablet at a great price. The quality is excellent, the price is right, it has tons of storage capacity. And oh, did I mention that it's cheap? (Cheap for a tablet, that is.)	USB-C Charging Cable
Had a great experience with my Best Buy rep! Great Job!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Small, portable and very easy to use. I have not had any issues as of yet.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchased this product on a whim with a very limited purpose which was to study for an exam while in the middle seat on a long flight. I expected to hand it to my 10-year old after my exam. The surprise was that really enjoy the device and in particular I like the Amazon account integration: On my next flight I was delighted to find that the unit actually downloads my videos for offline viewing! The best part is that I upgraded the memory with a 64GB SD card so now my available content is awesome! Truth is that my first unit inexplicably failed but Best Buy replaced my unit right away and I expect great things with this new device! My son also uses it on long trips!!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought the HD Fire 7 for my wife,I liked hers decided to buy the Fire HD 8 for myself I love it.Nice graphics easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Able to download music and movies free!!!!!!!!!!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have used the Kindle mostly for reading. I have downloaded books from Amazon, some free some purchased, that I have heard about for years and now will read. I have also read Manga from the Internet. My use of the internet has also included looking up gardening hints, animal care, and dog breed characteristics.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Need to have some computer savvy. Wound be much more helpful if it came with a simple basic instructions.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a gift for my son and he loves it. It not only helps him with his homework but he could also play games on it!	Lightning Charging Cable
You cannot top the value at this price point with any other tablet. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is the limited app selection through the amazon app store. If this came with the google play store, I would give it a 5 in a heartbeat. Overall it is a great tablet at this price point. I would highly recommend it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for my mom who isn't tech savvy. Luv it! :-)	Macbook Pro Laptop
Very smooth tablet no lag at all also good battery.	Wired Headphones
Love the kindle will continue to buy them for my family	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
awesomeness, love how i xan watch my xfinity movies	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is not only a great price but exactly what I needed for quick Internet access and to download books !	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased the Amazon Fire HD 8 to replace my 2nd generation Kindle Fire. It works great and the colors are sharp.	USB-C Charging Cable
The 8 is bigger and lighter weight than my old 7 and the battery life is longer. It also has more storage and a camera. Love it!	ThinkPad Laptop
I lost my tablet in Germany and wanted a replacement fast. Best Buy, had both the 7 and 8 inch Kindle fires in stock, after reading the reviews, I decided to go with the 8 inch. Boy was I glad that I did, the larger viewing area, is great for watching movies and Netflix on the airplane. The 8 inch has stereo sound , unlike the 7 inch which has only mono. Overall I am really happy with this tablet	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Pros - HD quality for low price. Works really well with my Amazon account to access multiple Amazon features with extreme ease. Couldn't be happier. I have iPads too which are extremely versatile but they came with a big price but not this tablet. Love it!	iPhone
We bought this one and a black one for our kids. It's very durable and good price for the quality. For myself personally, I still prefer my iPad, but if on a budget, you won't regret the investment. It's so simple I sometimes struggle using it. The free time experience is awesome for little ones and I can set parameters, which is a huge bonus. For a first-time tablet user, this is a solid product.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
A very good product by amazon. Considering the price, even better.	27in FHD Monitor
Good for watching movies, reading books and playing games but don't expect to do much more. Everything else can be a challenge and it can get laggy and once in a while it'll just shut down a program or completely reboot.	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent product. I would definitely purchase again.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"After using this tablet for a while, I have found that I even prefer this size over my iPad Air. Easy to carry around and long battery life make this my preferred device. The screen is just the perfect size for my older eyes, the screen on the 7"" fire is just too small and cramped, and it seemed a lot less responsive. I highly recommend this sweet tablet."	ThinkPad Laptop
This was a BIRTHDAY GIFT for my LITTLE one and she LOVED it!	Google Phone
"I purchased two of these as Christmas presents for my children. I had been researching child friendly tablets with robust controls to keep them away from undesirable content. I found the 7"" Fire Kids Edition, but after looking over the specs and reviews, I found myself unsure of it. I was mostly interested in the FreeTime application, so I did some research on that and found that it was available on other Fire models also. I came across the new Fire HD8, which had more power, a better screen, and far better battery life at a very affordable price point. I gave them a shot and I'm glad I did.I have the Fire HD8's locked into FreeTime mode, so the only activities that can be done are ones that I approve of, but if I want to, I can pick up either of them and unlock them to access Netflix/Amazon Prime or anything else I desire. I currently have reading goals set up that they must achieve before they are able to access videos or games, and those are limited to X amount of time per day. FreeTime also has a bedtime feature which disables/enables the use of the tablets during designated times, which is amazing.The hardware itself is exceptional. The screen resolution is excellent, it's very responsive, and the battery life is spectacular! They advertise up to 12 hours of battery life, and depending on screen brightness, ours last almost that long regularly. The only con I can think of is that the cameras are sub-par, but that's not what I purchased the tablets for, so it's a non-issue for myself.Some of the reviews I read cited that the internal storage was easily filled with FreeTime content, so I installed 128GB SD cards in them. I also purchased some rugged children's cases for them off of Amazon.This is probably one of the best purchases I have made in a long time. The sound of silent children reading all day is priceless!!!"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my sister to replace her kindle. We love it except for the fact it would not connect to ATT internet. I suspect this was an ATT problem. The internet could not be authenticated. Since we have had problems with ATT for seven years, I am sure it was a problem with them! Once my sis read the instructions, she was good to go!	27in FHD Monitor
Great tablet for a kid enjoys very much would buy again	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Overall, very impressed especially when compared to my iPad mini 4. This tablet does it all and makes for an excellent e-reader, while also boasting specifications that rival any iPad.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
works great for us for video calling, for kids watching videos	Apple Airpods Headphones
My wife loved her gift. I made the right purchase.	ThinkPad Laptop
I own two Amazon fire tablets with this one being the same as owned.. My sister in law wanted a tablet and since I owned one just like this one I figured it to be a good buy.. She just loves it, she is able to do her scheduling, read books and watch her news programs.. It's a great Alertanative to an iPad... great price and just as powerful for a lot less cost..	Apple Airpods Headphones
These Kindle Fire tablets simply can't be beat in terms of value and bang for your buck if you have an Amazon Prime account it would be a crime not to have a Fire tablet.Good strong build quality, very nice bright screen with a strong picture and good resolution. They are pretty responsive, have good battery life and can handle the abuse of letting your kids use it as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this tablet for our son in college and he loves it.	Flatscreen TV
This is my first tablet and it's going well so far. I purchased this for reading and streaming. There have been a few hiccups with regards to a streaming video buffering for a long time and sometimes I have trouble with response on commands, but overall, I'm happy. It's been a nice device to have for reading online material offline.	iPhone
Replaced my hd fire 7 because broke screed. Very pleased with the large screen.	ThinkPad Laptop
My only dislike is that being a Kindle, my Kindle books cannot be sorted into categories. It's harder to find new books I've downloaded some time ago when I have to search through all of them.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased as a gift. The receiver loves it and said that it works nicely.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased this for my 80 year old mother in law to replace her old cracked screen one. Everything was perfect easy to use and set up. She has zero problems using this for online and reading books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love it I sent one down to my family in Mexico they loved it	Wired Headphones
Bought this as a gift for my mother. She absolutely loves it. Easy to set up and use. and the price was right.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am loving this tablet. My previous tablet was a 1st year Fire. This tablet is great for reading, games,facebook and emails.	Wired Headphones
This is my third Kindle and I have loved them all. I still have my first Kindle and use it. I just wore my Kindle Fire out with 5 + years use. I am very happy with everything my new one can do. No disappointments at all.	Google Phone
I got this for my husband for his birthday. He likes the light weight and the speakers and how powerful it is.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got it for my Dad. Easy to use and he loves it. Good stepping stone for future producs	ThinkPad Laptop
One of the best purchases or investments you could make for technology.	iPhone
I bought it for kindle books and was amazed by its overall features. Its Kindle with features of a TAB.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this primarily for reading, but, being a tablet it is able to do so much more! I can listen to music, download movies and check email. I love it! Way better than my Nook!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for price! Fast, works great, great sound volume, great pixelation and screen size	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'm new to tablets but this one is pretty easy to understand and use.There's a decent amounts of apps at start up, which can be good and bad.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i would buy this item again. however charging port is	Bose SoundSport Headphones
so far. A few not so great things, modt of them managed to resolve them though.	iPhone
This is a nice little tablet and Great for the kids	Lightning Charging Cable
Not a huge fan of products that aren't Apple but this one is good. Haven't had any problems with them at all.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my sister as a gift so she need not use her laptop for basic internet surfing and to watch movies while travelling. The device speed is decent although you cannot compare the performance to a laptop. If you want to avoid carrying a bulky laptop during travel and want a budget make do device for laptop then choose amazon fire tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this tablet for my mother and cousins. It's been very speedy to my surprise, not as fast as a high end tablet but no lag and a very nice 720p display with good build quality. Would definitely recommend if your looking for an affordable tablet	Flatscreen TV
YOU PAY FOR THE BEST AND YOU GET THE BEST. THANK YOU BEST BUY FOR PROVIDING THIS PRODUCT	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have an older Kindle and enjoyed it very much. However, there is so much more improvement in this tablet with faster processing speed, upgradable storage and longer battery life. I'm really happy!	USB-C Charging Cable
"This was the perfect tablet for what my husband wanted. 8"" size was not too big or too small. You can carry it without it being clumsy to drop."	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my kindle.It is user friendly and there's so much more than I thought.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great little tablet after you add google play store. Takes some research to do.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Awesome tablet and great value for money. My son is enjoying it a lot.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this as a cheap alternative to an old, slow, iPad 2, until I could spring for the iPad Pro. Got it as a Black Friday deal, so it was more than worth it. Was able to add some missing apps that make it even better than I thought it could be, and having Amazon Prime makes it an inexpensive and handy media device. I carry it in my bag at all times without having to worry about it's value. Can't beat it for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love to read! Books,books, books and more books.	iPhone
Longtime Apple user, but for this price vs an iPad you can't beat this product!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to use. Great picture clarity. Wish they had a cellular version.	Wired Headphones
I got this because it was a cheap tablet. It does great for watching videos from the tablet and sound is good also. I don't like the amazon ecosystem or app store. I wish they would sell android tablets with their apps on them like they are doing with their phones.	Wired Headphones
This is a good tablet to own. I like the features.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son needed a tablet to take notes on at college classes. He wanted something small and lightweight instead of taking his laptop. He's found it to work perfectly for what he needs!	Wired Headphones
the first worked fine for three weeks then stopped. took back and got a replacement. this one lasted almost a month. again took it back and was told I had to deal with Amazon.Found out thru Amazon webpage that units simply froze up and how to reset it. Was upset that store associate knew nothing about the product. Had to research everything myself.	Vareebadd Phone
purchased for my sister for reading books, internet and games - perfect for beginners and novices. Easy to use. Would be a five if available with 4g	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the added space. Easy to move around in. I am excited to use all the new features.	Wired Headphones
Gave as Christmas gift,and wife loved it. She has not put it down since she has gotten it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this new Amazon Fire HD. I have a 6 year old and I've set it up so that he has his own password and he loves to read all the free books available. The different shades of back lights are cool. If you purchase the new Amazon Fire HD, it will enhance your reading experience.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I decided to buy this instead of a traditional kindle and I do not regret my decision at all!The only con (for those evaluating this as a tablet) is that Amazon has their own App Store. Many apps from GooglePlay/AppStore are simply not available.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We had an old Fire and upgraded to the Fire HD. Love everything about it so far.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The fire tablet is a great tool for reading, surfing the web, playing games and even watching some Netflix, on a bigger screen, without killing a cell phone charge.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great value! This tablet is great for everything. It's not as powerful as an iPad but the price can't be beat.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I like that it is a good reader and that you can also put some apps on it -- I use it to check email, one note, etc. but primarily as a reader.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got this tablet cause I wanted to start reading more graphic novels and manga and was very impressed with it it runs smooth and even use Hulu and netflix on it. My only flaw with it is that there are ads on your lock screen though you can take them off for $15 other than that it's a grade little tablet!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife wanted this and I got it for her. She has been totally happy with it. She loves it for its size for reading online books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am very pleased with my purchase the tablet is a great project is there a product is very versatile	Google Phone
Great tablet. Easy to use. Will recommend it to others.	Apple Airpods Headphones
If you're looking for a small but effective tablet that's reasonably priced, this tablet is the one for you. It's easy to understand the directions, therefore making it a snap to learn how to work the tablet. It comes in different colors and is easy to read and use. Give it a try. Thanks, Best Buy!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very competitive Price - Unit works well we like color and size	Macbook Pro Laptop
The HD8 and HD7 are amazing for the price. They aren't top powered tablets, but they're functional tablets. Right now, in Feb 2017, either one is a good replacement for the Nexus 7.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this for my niece and she loves it. Very easy to use from what she tells me!	Wired Headphones
I really liked the build quality but the very lackluster performance and minuscule battery life didn't make it a keeper for me.	USB-C Charging Cable
Such a a great tablet that does everything, love it!	Lightning Charging Cable
I am an avid Amazon user for shopping and tablets, I bought a different model for my younger brother and now purchased this one for my grandparents and they love it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this for my parents who were always viewing facebook or other videos on their cell phones, this Amazon tablet is perfect for them! It's user friendly and if you have an Amazon Prime account has great access to movies and music.	USB-C Charging Cable
I've had iPad mini's before so this tablet in my opinion can't compare. However, that being said. I bought this tablet for the purpose to watch Netflix and read books on. In my opinion it handles these two task perfectly. The screen isn't as clear and crisp like other tablets but hey I didn't pay $300 for it either. I like this size and it seems fast. I'd have to say I like it a lot. On another note, I'm giving this review only 4 stars because i am absolutely annoyed at Best Buy and their shipping. This is about the 3rd time I've ordered a product and had it shipped to me and Best Buy said it would be here at a certain date and UPS screws It up every time. Don't have any issues anywhere else but always when I order from Best Buy and have it mailed to me. Anyways, the tablet is good for the price and I'd recommend it over any other lower end teblets.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought one for my 9 year old son for his birthday - and now we are buying another one for our ten year old. We have had some tech issues as we are juggling three tablets on one account - but with careful monitoring, it's ok.	27in FHD Monitor
Wonderful little buy! Tired of my bulky tablet. This one stays charged a lot longer!	Wired Headphones
Nice tablet with the slightly bigger screen, great for tv, movies and reading especially for older eyes. Good size as well, it fits nicely into a purse or tote without being too heavy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like because I can download movies to watch offline with netflix	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this tablet for my mom on her birthday recently. She loves it and uses it all the time.	27in FHD Monitor
I always wanted a tablet and finally decided on the amazon fire 8. It is awesome and I love it.I downloaded some games and I am enjoying them. It is great for internet too. Definitely worth the price. You get a lot for the money. It had lots more options too.	Lightning Charging Cable
It was okay, but most of my apps were stripped down versions on the HD-Fire. It was inexpeisve, but you get what you pay for. The O/S is pretyy premitive. The hardware does fell nice. I would say it is the perfect device for an older or younger person.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
ok for price a little slow and doesn't have as many apps as google play.	ThinkPad Laptop
I have owned several kindles. I don't know what I do to them, but they tend to die rather quickly. Thank goodness for Best Buy's extra protection. The last two that quit on me were replaced quickly and effortlessly. Excellent customer service as well!	Flatscreen TV
Love using this Kindle to look up real estate sales, play mind games, and take pictures. Love the bigger screen and the great resolution. Sound is also far superior to my older model Lindle.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Wife loves it. She said it opens much faster and likes auto updates for apps.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Super easy to set up and use :)Got one for daughter and got one for self!!!!!!	Wired Headphones
the tablet is great, but all the advertising is annoying	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This Tablet does absolutely everything I want! I can watch TV Shows or Movies, check my Mail, Facebook, Google.......pay all my bills. It processes fast and has a beautiful screen. As I said: Everything I want in a Tablet for less than $100!	Apple Airpods Headphones
And she has been happy about it ever since. Not being that tech saavy, this specific device has a user-friendly tutorial to help get started.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Got this to replace the Samsung tab A 7"". That Samsung tab lagged a lot but I haven't seemed to have as much problems on the fire tab, the only downside is that the battery dies fast."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have had a Samsung Tablet for 3 years, and I have to say that I love this Amazon Kindle 10x better. The picture quality is amazing, it is light weight, it is easy to navigate.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet, great screen, great price! Very user friendly, especially for a not so Tech savvy person.	Wired Headphones
This is as good as my my Ipod! I would recommend it	Wired Headphones
Needed a new tablet for reading books, movies and surfing the Web. This meets all my needs!	Google Phone
Great upgrade from Kindle Fire. Reasonably priced for product.	Wired Headphones
I would recommend this to my friends that you can shop on amazon has many preloaded games. Many Apps	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great Product and great Price! Love it i would recommend to anyone who is looking for tablet on a good price	Apple Airpods Headphones
Simple and easy to use!! The wife takes it everywhere!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use! Just plug in and search for your favorite movies and TV shows.	Wired Headphones
I love my new Fire HD! I had one of the first generation Kindle Fire, and loved it, love this one even more!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I didn't do any in depth research on this particular tablet. The price and speed were good for what I wanted it for. My only con is not being able to clear the home screen of apps or relocate them so I can see my personal home screen picture.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I gave it as a gift to a friend who is a senior citizen who had an Amazon Paperwhite. I thought this would be a lovely upgrade for her and it has been. She loves it!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great device very functional love it will recommend	Google Phone
Bought this for my Father-In-Law for Christmas and he loves it. Easy to use and has already bought 5 books for it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Can't say enough good about it. My 10 year old loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Enjoy the Kindle, fun games, can access the Internet, read books, etc.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablet works just great and the price can't be beat!	Lightning Charging Cable
We did get this when it was in sale for about 50$ and for that this is an incredible value tablet perfect for anyone who wants a screen without paying premium prices. Build quality is fine and screen isn't the best but definitely usable.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's not a regular tablet but I just use it to use Facebook	Wired Headphones
The screen is clear and tablet is faster than i expected. Great colors also!	Lightning Charging Cable
Not the most powerful tablet but is flawless when utilizing the Amazon programs	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my elderly mother who was wanting the ability to read and/or listen to books. After a slow start getting her going (she is not tech savvy) she is really enjoying the versatility of this tablet. Although it does not have cellular data ability, which she had no use for, it gives her the flexibility to connect to wireless networks when she makes her weekly casino visits.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price it can't be beat. That being said I had to return mine after a week. I just couldn't get over the low resolution screen. It works well for movies and the Web, but I needed it to also show off my photos to others.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a gift to a friend. So far she loves it..	USB-C Charging Cable
Books and magazines are easy to access and read!!!	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this for my 8 year old in place of a Nabi that didn't work out of the package. Great basic tablet for this.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
As I reviewed different tablets, this tablet kept coming back as my best option for the items I was looking for. It IS a great tablet, but there are a few things I don't really like about it. I didn't realize that Amazon has it's OWN browser SILK. Everything even your banking info goes through Amazon. Not sure I like that. Also, items don't automatically close out when you leave a page and I have to frequently hit the button on the bottom and close out multiple items. It might just be that I am not THAT computer savoy, though I do know how to navigate my way around. Sometimes the touch feature just seems to freeze and won't recognize that I am attempting 'touch'. Lastly, the on/off button is right where you hold the tablet on the side, so I am often 'accidently' shutting it down. Most annoying! Overall, I am happy with my purchase and for the price I like it. Just wanted to point out the other items.	Wired Headphones
serves all my needs in a economy tablet and I would reccomend it to all.	ThinkPad Laptop
Good product with best price available in the market place	iPhone
Tablet is a great tool to use the world wide web and check email.	Lightning Charging Cable
works great, wife loves it. Always happy with the kindle	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Has a few quirks that are disconcerting bur overall a great product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Only a few quirks when it comes to this Kindle. Better quality sound and display.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet. Picture is super sharp and so easy to read.	Wired Headphones
I picked this tablet up for a 5 year old grandchild as a way to learn how to use a tablet works fine .	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We previously bought a 7 inch, 8 GB Kindle for my son which he used a lot. Eventually though he dropped it and it no longer worked. This past Christmas we purchased the Amazon Fire HD8, 16 GB.This model was an improvement over the previous one. With twice the internal storage, my son wasn't always coming to me to delete games because he ran out of storage. Another great feature is the external SD card slot. We bought a 32 GB card and he's not had to delete anything.The quad-core processor is a big improvement over the previous gen model. Apps and games load quickly with not lag in running them. There also seemed to be an improvement in the battery life so it doesn't have to be charging all the time or plugged in the the power cord.This is a great purchase for any child!	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent product.Relable.Maximum speed.Fast downloading	Flatscreen TV
Love this tablet. It's big enough so I can see. It works with my prime so I can watch movies or stream music.	Google Phone
I purchased a Kindle a few years ago and Have loved the flexibility it give me. I can browse the internet without moving to my desk to get on my personal computer. I love the fact that I can continue to read my books while I travel. Doctor Office Visits seem to just roll by more calmly now because I can ignore the office chatter and the TV selections I rather not watch. I encouraged others to make the purchase and several have done just that. This is my second purchase. Love It!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this for my mother and she has been going on about how wonderful the Amazon fire is. It's the perfect size easy to use and she can even do her banking on it which she loves. I would definitely recommend the Amazon fire thank you	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my second kindle. I love using them for reading, web searching, etc. I download some of my favorite knitting patterns, so when on the road I have something to work with.I love love love this kindle. Bigger screen, slimmer and lighter.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet just what my wife wanted, loves the wifi, much better than her old one.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Was a gift and they love the tablet! Its a great price and works awesome!	Google Phone
The amazon fire tablet 2016 is quite good. It provides sufficient content & ability to do all of the basics one requires in a tablet. The 8 inch screen is bright and provides various settings. The tablet's light weight makes it very portable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Need to buy a tablet for my Mother as a Christmas gift. Functionality is great and she uses it for all her online needs	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Fire HD 8 is the perfect size EReader. Big enough to see the text but small enough to hold comfortably.	Wired Headphones
"I bought this Amazon Fire HD8 as a Christmas present for my wife. It is the second tablet I have given to her over the past 5 years. She LOVES it! It goes wherever she goes. The Fire is more than portable and so easy to use. As the saying goes: ""A Happy Wife Means A Happy Life"". I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Fire to anyone!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave this to my daughter for Christmas. She loves it. Uses it every day. Good buy!	Lightning Charging Cable
I use it mainly for reading e-books and browsing. However, I wished there were more apps available. Also, before unlocking the tablet, ads are shown in the lockscreen. If the tab is locked, it stops streaming the ads. You can pay $15 to disable the ads permanently. I only recommend this for basic use. If you want to use it for games or other apps, I would recommend a stronger tablet like the ipad or samsung galaxy.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my second Kindle Fire, and the only reason is because I upgraded. They're a great little tablet. Very versatile and fast loading times. Definitely recommend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good quality android tablet. also makes a very nice gift.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this for my 12 year old and it was at a great price point. I like the parental controls feature with the multiple profiles. This allows me to control what she has access to which is a plus for me.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Thanks perfect for my little kids they love this tablet good quality and fast enough for them	20in Monitor
Can't say enough about the Kindle Fire. It literally is fiiiiiiyah... fast, easy to use, and an all-around perfect tablet. Recommend keeping an eye out for special pricing at holidays to save some cheddar, but otherwise I'd say pick this little black rectangle of portable interwebz awesomeness up the first chance you get.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The best product for the money. East to use, great color, great features. easy to set up and battery life is great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for a family member they really enjoy all the options of getting books	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this one for 40$ during the black Friday sale, as a gift to my cousin. He was flattered by the performance, even I didn't expect it to be this good! It works flawlessly with the usual games and apps, what you are going to miss the most is YouTube, amazon's app store does not have youtube. Other than that it meets all my requirements for daily use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Best B It is helping them to learn to read and follow directions .Best Buy had the products and provided great customer service. Grandsons are enjoying product use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet exceeds its reviews. its easy to use and the screen is great.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My husband and I purchased the new Amazon Kindle Fire HD 8 tablets for our 16 yr old son and 12 yr old daughter for Christmas. I have an older version 7 in myself so I already knew we were buying a durable tablet. The new ones are awesome and they had them in colors so very easy to distinguish who's is whom We purchased during Black Friday and got them for $30 off, which was an amazing discount and made me love it even more. We had shopped around many places prior to and. They are light weight and the screen is plenty big enough for them to watch movies, play games, do homework and video calls friends and family out of town. They seem to have plenty of space and nice to know that we can add memory if we need to.The tablets hold up to the everyday life of the kids accidental drops kicks and their 3 yr old sister lol. Would definitely recommend this product to anyone who is in the market for a new tablet for themselves or children. Will buy again in the future if these ever quick working.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my little grandson he likes games, he can play with it where ever there is wifi.	20in Monitor
the tablet was on sale for a good price, and they had enough in stock for the CHRISTMAS season> grand children were thrilled.	Wired Headphones
Good tablet and a great price. I use it for reading, Netflix and email.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
good for beginners play games ,take picture and recording videos old the time	iPhone
Won the kindle fire 6 last xmas2015 at work raffle. Gladly got this kindle fire 8 for a bigger screen and better battery life. Love it.	Wired Headphones
One of the best inexpensive tablets on the market. Great for the casual user	Lightning Charging Cable
Loving this tablet, 5 stars in my opinion, definitely worth it. Easy and fun to use. Also, a perfect size even for a man's hand.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought as a gift and they love it! Great for the price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
"I went in to buy my 88 year old Dad an Amazon Fire book reader....The customer service from the begining was great!. An Associate immediately approached me, showed me several models, with explaining them all. After picking one. I was then told of the ""free shipping"" of which i did utilize. My dad received within a couple of days , on his birthday, and was able to go to his local Best Buy, and have an Assocate show/explain how to use. He was sooo excited and pleased with the item and service....and so am I. Also, the price was right tooo!"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great reading product. Love the light adjustment in low light areas. I can adjust the font sizes for my reading comfort and I can do other things like download apps or watch movies!	Apple Airpods Headphones
i really loved my 7in. but i love 8.5 in. a whole lot.!!!!!!!!!!!!!thanks guys!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I bought this 8"" Amazon Fire HD for my Wife as a Christmas Present. Her old 7"" Amazon Fire that she had for about 3-4 Years. She is very happy with the 8"" Amazon Fire HD. Can't beat the price for a Tablet."	Lightning Charging Cable
My son loves it, he can watch videos, read books and play games.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent and inexpensive. ITunes store and Google Play store have more apps to choose from, but this is still a very useful tablet. Expandable SD micro memory a definite +.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Have not had time to REALLY use it, but hope to download books and games.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great, easy to use tablet for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's a 16 GB mini-computer and camera perfect for trips.	Google Phone
"enjoying reading via the device; lots of options is also a plus; a little heavy to hold when reclining"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Needed a present for mom, at first she didn't use it much cause she had to set it up but now it's great and she loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my 83-year old Mother. She loves it!	27in FHD Monitor
We bought it two days before it went on sale for Christmas and Best Buy was excellent with price matching	AA Batteries (4-pack)
asesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
performs as designed got it on sale for 79 dollars	Lightning Charging Cable
Is great for my son 8 years old, they help with homework	Lightning Charging Cable
We own an ipad,samsug tablets and we have both love are fire8's wave better.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was affordable and it's pretty decent.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my dad, he is 87. Very easy to use and setup. He loves it and uses it 3/4 hours a day	Bose SoundSport Headphones
At first was going to get a iPad but I decided to get this instead way cheaper then a iPad and just as good, love it..	20in Monitor
Couldn't recommend this more for kids. Price and features are awesome along with parental controls.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The functionality is great although I wish it came in more colors.	Product
I didn't actually use as I bought for a gift. My grandson already had one so we returned for a pair if 3-d goggles.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
use as a reader and music, games watches movies i good all round tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Just thought we were purchasing a capability to download and read books, magazines, etc. But, for such a low price was surprised at the total capabilities available.	USB-C Charging Cable
I GOT THE FIRE HD SO MY KIDS COULD READ BOOKS , PLAY GAMES AND WATCH THEIR SHOWS . WITHOUT SPENDING AN ARM AND A LEG FOR THE TABLET. I THINK THIS IS A GOOD TABLE FOR KIDS / YOUNG TEENS WHO WANT TO HAVE A TABLET BUT NOT BREAK THE BANK.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought one for my wife and my mother-in-law and they both love it. Very easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love it. Battery life is longer than others.	Product
This was a gift for my mother who is 99 years. She used to love puzzles, but with arthritis and failing eyesight she couldn't do them. The puzzle app is good because she can see it and use finger to slide pieces. She can keep up with family on Facebook	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very decent tablet. I was skeptical at first but it's performance surprised me. Battery lasts a decent amount of time and connects beautifully into the Amazon ecosystem I already am in. Would recommend to anyone who likes to watch videos/browse the web on the go or for children.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for traveling. I can access my e-mail, books and games without lugging my laptop. I'm sure I will learn more as needed.	Wired Headphones
Best buy was very helpful & the tablet is good for reading books & basic serfing	Wired Headphones
This is a perfect size and weight. Everything is very clear, sharp and large enough to be comfortably readable.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Word has it that relationships are interrupted by electronic devices. Well my girl takes her reader everywhere we go. She used to tell me I talk to much. Now I can hardly get a word in edgewise!	ThinkPad Laptop
This is smaller and lighter than my previous fire and works even better	Lightning Charging Cable
It's not a $400.00 tablet so what can you expect, except that it does what it's suppose to. It's faster than I thought it would be so thats killer.	USB-C Charging Cable
So far I love this tablet especially for reading. The battery life has also been good	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Everything I expected with none of the drawbacks I have found in other tablets	LG Washing Machine
Works well. Probably best android tablet you can get for the money.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet. No problems at all. Excellent Price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
the only downside of it is that you can't have google playstore on this tablet but you can still install it manually since they both based on android os	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought it for my mom after moving her into an assisted living place. . I was able to use it a little to show mom I was very happy with it. Seems fast and easy to use.i like it better than my phone . :) Didn't get a chance to see how camera was yet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love everything about my new kindle except for the fact that the charging cord is already loose.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great for those who love to read this tablet is always ready for on the go trips	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought the fire for my mother who is 72 to learn how to use a computer the price was right and she can use it to search the web	Macbook Pro Laptop
"I only have an older ipad to compare this to, but there is literally no comparison. The Fire 8"" tablet is lightweight, connects ultra fast to wifi, has an easy-to-follow automatic set up, and comes with tons of features that I'm only beginning to explore. I wasn't expecting this at all! I'm a total convert especially because the price is so reasonable, too."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great Tablet. Love the features and resolution	USB-C Charging Cable
Super fast. Lots of storage. Great tablet for anyone.	Wired Headphones
bought as a gift for Christmas. they love it!!!!!!	iPhone
This is an upgrade tablet from my first Kindle Fire that I purchased 5 years ago. Love the larger screen the quick processing and downloads, the great HD visuals, and most importantly all of my previous pictures and music files were easily transferred/accessed by this new device. Love that this Fire has a front and rear camer too, my old Fire only had a front facing camera. Granted this is not an iPad, but I don't want or need all an iPad does. And I definitely don't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a device just because it is cool. My Fire tablet does everything I need or want and it costed under $99.00. I am one satisfied and pleased customer.	Lightning Charging Cable
very easy to use I live my fire the best purchase I have made in months	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The only reason why I have not given a 5 star review is because sometimes, the unit freezes out of nowhere after I will be reading news articles or after watching Prime/Netflix	Vareebadd Phone
Gift for Mom. This is her first tablet. She is having no issues so far.	Wired Headphones
Great value for the price. Easy to navigate and has good picture quality. I bought it to watch Netflix, browse internet, read books on Kindle, and watch YouTube.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very nice tablet for low price. The shell feels a little on the cheap side but added a cover (Fintie) & feels much more sturdy. Great for reading or watching netflix or amazon video.	Macbook Pro Laptop
"Purchased this to get a lighter tablet. Also to update our my old tablet which had a replaceable battery. This is all around lighter ,thinner and easier to handle. HD is a good upgrade and can't beat the price for comparable tablets with same features. my wife reads on it daily and loves it. I am probably going to search for another one.We have the 8"" and I would like to try a 7"" if it were available.I like to try different size devices to see how I adjust same way with todays phones."	Lightning Charging Cable
I'd recommend this highlyGreat buy for the priceGood graphics and easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good product bought it as a Christmas gift. I will be purchasing another one soon.	Wired Headphones
Wanted one that played bejeweled blitz. This one does not.	Wired Headphones
A gift to my 3 year old grandson. Great graphics and sound.	Wired Headphones
The size of the Fire tablet gives you the feel of having a book in your hands while reading a book. Because of the size and lightweight it's easy to transport and fits easily in my purse. I'm enjoying my Fire tablet which was a gift.	Wired Headphones
The tablet is Excellent! Very fast and well worth the money! The display is great!	Flatscreen TV
I got this for my kid as a gift so he could read books easier and it has helped a ton!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I got an 8"" windows tablet for my father in law and we quickly realized that windows is not a good choice for someone that is not already comfortable with all the windows features that are not tablet friendly. This tablet on the other hand, had a very easy learning curve and my father in law became comfortable with all the features in a couple of hours. I would definitely recommend it as a gift."	Lightning Charging Cable
The 8 inch Amazon Fire 6th edition is by the far the best tablet in the Amazon market. The 7-inch is a nice size, but the 8-inch has better screen resolution and longer battery life. If you are an Amazon Prime member, this is a must have tablet. Also, the Amazon magnetic case does a great job in protection and sleek-ness.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought four of these for my kids and they love them	Google Phone
Great tablet for my childthis tablet was just everything that I need it for my child	Google Phone
Very easy to use and small enough to travel with. I slide it right into my bag.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I would recommend this ereader above all others for its high quality and diversity. Not only as an ereader but as a web browser.	Wired Headphones
I got my father a Amazon Fire he's never used a tablet let alone a computer. So it was a challenge. He did pretty good but ha's a hard time seeing the screen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my new Kindle Fire even more than my old one which I lost.	27in FHD Monitor
Very good buy. I am enjoying my new tablet. Great buy!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Learning all the aps that are on the Kindle, the games and all the free books.	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect for a kid and it was cheap! My son has broke a lot of tablets, this one seems durable.	Wired Headphones
I travel a lot and this is perfect for watching movies or reading on the flights	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle is great! It's easy to set up and I've found all the books that I wanted.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I got this on an impulse buy, mostly for my 16+ hour flight, but also just in general. Was in line buying something when I saw this at an unbelievable price! So I bought it and have no regrets! For the price ($69.99) it's a great tablet, though you can only get apps through the amazon app store not the Android app store, which limits you. But that's alright, as I mostly got it for watching videos and movies and that sort of stuff. And occasionally some games!	20in Monitor
Great tab and the price cannot be beat, Only gripe is the fire os. Oh well	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is great for the price. It has good connection to wi if. The kindle store is a breeze. The picture quality is good. And seems to be the perfect size. A nice alternative compared to The more expensive tablet. And much better quality then the less expensive tablets I would recommend	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought two Kindle Fires for my 4 year old twin grandsons this past Christmas. We downloaded lots of educational programs for them and they absolutely love it! No need to buy them an IPAD which was far more costly!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"I have had every version of the Kindle since the week it was introduced and jumped at the chance for a Kindle Fire. I replaced the first one I had in 2014 and it was everything I wanted except this past summer it started overheating and got nonresponsive in the midday heat. So...I got this one. First of all I miss Swype. WHY get rid of it? Secondly I cannot put two of my favorite apps (which work on my old one) to work on this but lastly and most importantly: every once in awhile the screen freezes with a bunch of code ""shimmering"" in the background and only turning it off and/or leaving it for awhile brings it back to life AND it turns itself off. It seems to happen when I close a program and move to a new one. Aggravating and not what I expect from a product with which I have been happy in the past."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My granddaughter love this fire for al her games. We also downloaded a music app for her and she is so happy with this. So many things she will learn how to do on this tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought a Kindle Fire for my wife several years ago, our son is now 9 and he had kind of taken over the tablet from my wife. So we decided he was responsible enough and bought this for him for Christmas. I cannot believe the improvement over the previous Kindle Fire we own. The screen is more clear and bright and even seems more detailed, apps load faster, it connects to the internet faster. For the $89.99 they currently sell for I would say it is an excellent value. If you can wait, we paid less at Christmas so a lower price could be seen again.	Lightning Charging Cable
We've had three of these Kindles. They are well built and you can't get the quality in a tablet from any other manufacturer. Amazon has great support with them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a great purchase! Love the fact I can download TV or movies and watch off-line. Easy set up.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my wife she loves how easy it is to use and small enough to take on trips.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought the first edition kindle fire years ago. My kids loved it so much that I bought this product to replace the old one. They love this one even more. Larger screen and more memory, you can't go wrong!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gift for my grandpa so he can do internet searches from his chair and play games. He loved it. It's simple to use and inexpensive	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my kindle fire it's is good for watching movies reading and anything you need a tablet for.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We get this after my son broke his Samsung tablet and I told was android operating system but wen the time to set it up came, takes me a little lounger to make a new account, password and paretal control for my kid but am happy that finally did it	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a replacement for an Amazon Fire tablet. This was a an up grade for my daughter who broke the screen on her old one. She absolutely loved her old one. She says the new one is even better.!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this kindle fire for my teenage son so he could use it at school and play games on the kindle, he loves it.	Google Phone
You will not find another tablet like this with the affordable price.	Google Phone
This tablet is small enough to pack but the screen is the perfect size for watching movies on the plane when traveling.	USB-C Charging Cable
love the ease of use with tablet, have not had any issues	27in FHD Monitor
I highly recommend kindles. I wouldn't own anything else. I love reading and this is the best device yet not only for reading. This has wifi capabilities. I would highly recommend this item.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I had Microsoft Surface, unfortunately daughter dropped and cracked screen so needed a new tablet. Since went back to laptop for work didn't need another Surface. Settled on 8"" Kindle HD over Samsung and IPad mini due to value. I only use for social networks, email, games, internet search, and occasional viewing of videos. This is a good basic tablet that can handle this no problem with a good wifi connection. Great value as I paid under $100 during the holidays and it has been as good as my Surface for these basic uses."	USB-C Charging Cable
I recently upgraded to this model of Kindle. Liked it so much I bought this one for my daughter. She loves it. It's much nicer than the older model she and I had.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a very early generation Kindle that I loved. I was unwilling to update my Kindle because it was so great. The new one I got from my wife made it look like the old one was standing still. It's much faster and I love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this tablet because of its user friendly interface. It reminds me of a starter tablet for kids, without being too much of a dull product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great product. I got this as a gift for a family member and she loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Wry basic, but I guess, it's ok for the price. Bought for a 6 year old.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought as gift for senior. Setup process could be easier.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice handheld size. Clear text. Easy to read books on.	iPhone
Bought this for my daughter to use in school, she loves it! Product works great! I also bought the older version for my mom and she lives it as well	USB-C Charging Cable
I would like to say this is my best tablet I have ever buy till now. I will rate it more then iPad Mini. Its best with battery, wifi, touchscreen, sound etc. I had other tablet for my kids earlier, but after having fire hd8, I will not recommend or like to go for any other brand in future. You can't get such good quality product in such less price. I am really very happy on my right decision to choose fire hd8 for my family and kids.	Wired Headphones
This is a good product for your money. It's basic it does the job.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Love the access to films. Easy to read and work with. A Little like an Android. I am used to IPhone apps but this works great once you understand it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Broke the screen on our 2nd gen fire so this is it's replacement. Easy setup, Much faster than older one. Just the right size for games, email, social media.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is decent reader and Netflix device. Lots of bugs and gotchas when trying to use - icons going off screen, random locking, random performance hits while doing the same task. Returned. Buying an iPad mini 2. The build quality is just not there.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great and informative service. The guy who helped us was very friendly.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Love the Fire, the picture is good and really like the amazon link	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have an LG tablet but picked up this one for my Dad and after messing with it for a while it's very nice,. I think I like it more the my LG g pad!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great tablet. My family and I love it. Lots of feature and faster than I thought it would be.	ThinkPad Laptop
Better then the older models bigger and better then before	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I really enjoy my amazon. It is getting easyer to use and I am finding new apps every day.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is awesome...HD resolution, fast processor and affordable! Highly Recommended.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice tablet. Very speedy. The only thing I don't like is that I can't add GooglePlay apps to it. At only $69.00 I guess that's to be expected.	Lightning Charging Cable
I use my kindle on a daily basis. It is a good size for reading in bed.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The kindle was great but too small for my vision impaired mother, it was a gift,	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My son totally loves it! The size is just right, and it is pretty fast. I don't have any complaints about it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
On Christmas Eve I went in looking for an iPad as a gift. They were sold out and I was directed to the Amazon Fire HD8. The picture quality is amazing (hence the HD). I watched a movie on it and the picture was better than my HD tv. I have to say, I would buy this tablet over an iPad any day...AND it cost less than a fourth of the price!	USB-C Charging Cable
Decent tablet for the price. My kids love them!!!!	Flatscreen TV
I am extremely pleased. Fast. Efficient. Reliable.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased to watch movies. Quality is great. Sound from tablet needs work but earphone is usually used or at least recommended for personal use.	Wired Headphones
My son loves his kindle fire. He uses it every day.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Fire HD8 tablet is a high quality, inexpensive piece of technology that works great for anyone looking to purchase one that won't break the bank.	Google Phone
Once taking time to install google play store, It functioned as good as any other android tablet. The down side is camera which doesn't produce clear pictures.	Wired Headphones
Bought for someone not tech savvy and he's done great	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet on sale. I can look up all the things I 'm interested in.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great product second one i purchase recomend it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The tablet has a very clear and crisp screen. The device is easy to setup. There is a quite abit of preinstalled apps. The responsiveness is great, connectivity is good, but sound is not great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This tablet is great considering how affordable it is! I mainly use it for reading, streaming shows, and listening to music. I do wish it was a true Android platform instead of the ""Amazon Android"" platform, but overall it's a great little tablet!"	USB-C Charging Cable
It's great for my 7 year old. Easy for her to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wasn't happy with first one I opened as Christmas gift, it didn't work from right out of the box. Contacted Amazon and they sent a new one the next day. This one has worked from the get go. I'm now enjoying my new tablet. Very happy with Amazons service and prompt response to the issue.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is good for kids. Cheap enough that if they destroy it, you won't get upset	20in Monitor
Great product for my 10 year old son. Very easy for him to find what he wants	USB-C Charging Cable
Love Alexa and all of its features. Love that I can listen to music and read ebooks	Lightning Charging Cable
Paid $60 for it on sale during holidays, couldn't ask for better product for the price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for each of my grandchildren and they loved it. Very user friendly	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great value from Best Buy. Bought at Christmas sale.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
great tablet well worth the price which was a deal on black friday	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Original Kindle Fire would finally no longer charge so bought this to replace. Not quite the quality of original (not as fast, resolution not as good) but can't complain for the price. Good choice for casual web surfing and reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
Does the trick. This is a good tablet for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my 3yr old son and it's perfect for him! With a mixture of games (kid friendly) and read-along books makes it a perfect for the kids and of course there's so much more for adults as well.. great buy!	iPhone
Great tablet, especially for the price. I bought this to replace an old Fire 7 tablet, that I had the battery going down. It works nicely and I love the Kindle Freetime and the parental control settings.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great little tablet for cruzing the internet and using Amazon products. I purchased it hoping I could use it as an inexpensive screen for my DJI Phantom 4. It works OK in this fashion, but I believe it is underpowered for the job.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my niece and she really enjoyed it. She was able to watch Netflix on it and play games. She could surf the internet if she needed to. We went with the bigger GB since it wasn't much more.	USB-C Charging Cable
Gave it as a door prize at office party. They love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is simple to set up and it's worth the price. It's perfect for beginners.	iPhone
Great tablet for easy operation. Was a great upgrade for a family member.	Flatscreen TV
My 2nd Fire. Great picture quality. Easy to use. Would recommend for all ages.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this to take on cruise to read and listen to music... less expensive than my tablet, so if I loose it not as big a loss... it does all I thought it would..easy to set up... to get the most from this tablet you should be an amazon prime member $100 a year, not required,but lots of benefits from it	iPhone
OK its not an iPad, but it is a very good tablet for less than 100 dollars.My only complaint is that it don't have a true GPS chip and relies on your WiFi reported location for apps and therefore some apps cannot be loaded on this device that rely on a true GPS. But it is a great travel tablet and with an SD card you can download your Amazon or other content and watch offline. A great travel tablet!	Google Phone
For the price you get alot of valueGreat for watching movies amazon shopping youtube	iPhone
I got a magenta color because I loved the beautiful purple-ish color shown on the picture. Instead I got a really bright pink-ish color which looks nothing like the color shown here. I went to the store hoping to replace it with a different color but was told that since I bought it on sale, I had to pay the $30 dollar price difference if I wanted to exchange. Unbelievable. The product is good but I never liked the Best buy customer service.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This product met all of our my needs and I would recommend it to others.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Would recommend for the right person that wants low cost tablet BUT...Ended up returning this item because it was heavy and too wide for my hand to hold. It was too big to hold in hand and too small to use like a larger tablet. Ended up just using my Lenovo Yoga 900 since it was more flexible and only about .5 lb heavier.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have the HD 7 and an HDX 7, and the 8 outperforms them both. If you are an Amazon fan of the eco system, this is a must. The screen is bright and crisp. The processor performs very well with the latest software update. I love it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought to use for recent travel. Was able to download several movies and TV shows from Netflix. Seems to have decent storage. Video playback was fine.	Lightning Charging Cable
Just purchased the Amazon Fire 16GB model and so far it has performed as expected. Only drawback is the screen which is somewhat reflective of any light source and needs constant cleaning for smudges from normal use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to set up and use. Nice graphics and lots of apps to choose. I got this for my husband who is technology challenged and so far, he's using it without getting frustrated, which is huge!	Apple Airpods Headphones
love the first now a new one. everything at your fingertips.	Lightning Charging Cable
purchased for a little guy, and i am very pleased with it!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect gift for the office co-workers or close friends	20in Monitor
This is actually a pretty good little tablet. It is not the most powerful and it doesn't have the highest resolution screen. But for the price, you can't go wrong. It does what it is supposed to do and for the low price you won't feel much pain if you break it. A perfect first tablet for the kids or a nice secondary tablet that you can just toss in a bag or the car for road trips.	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon Fire tablets are the best products in their price ranges, especially if they are on sale as they were at the last Black Friday event. Excellent purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this as a way to easily read while on the go. I'm disappointed as it's really too big too easily carry around. I've discovered it's not all that easy to use it for reading purposes	Wired Headphones
"This tablet is the best one we've ever bought. And, the least expensive! It satisfies all of our needs; email, Facebook, Candy Crush, YouTube, Bluetooth broadcasting to a remote speaker. We love it. No frustration whey using the keyboard or finger clicking on icons or commands!"	20in Monitor
i was surprised buy how light and compact this was but still strong enough to do what i needed.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for reading. Ordering books and use as a tablet.	Vareebadd Phone
For the price, this tablet is not bad. I found a couple of things that is a bit annoying. Every time you turn on the device, ads will appear in the lock screen. Also the picture gallery, it takes several minutes to load. The wait is very annoying.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price, you can't beat this tablet. It is fast and basic.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had problems with my White page and was in the process of buying ad new Kindle I found this was a better unit for my use than tine White-page.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect for the price. It is great to bring with you on the go. And like I said can't beat the price. The only con is it has a plastic back so be careful. The battery is great. I would absolutely recommend this product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is not a high-tech state-of-the-art Speed Demon, but on the other hand it is more than good enough for daily use. The two biggest benefits to me are that it now comes with Alexa built in, and, you can download Amazon movies to the device to watch offline, for example on an airplane. These two features alone make it worth the very reasonable price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
good value for the money ..............................................................................................................	iPhone
Gave this to my wife for Christmas. Upgraded from the original Kindle. She thoroughly enjoys it.	20in Monitor
Fire is a good tablet. Portable size . Have bought a couple for gifts as well	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is really easy to use and since I'm a Amazon Prime member the video's and music is easy to access. I'm really surprised how fast the unit compared to my older i-pad. I would recommend this if anyone wants a good value product.	Google Phone
This is a great tablet for the money. Perfect for someone who does not want to shell out hundreds for an iPad.	USB-C Charging Cable
like a tablet. great, fast connection. everything I wanted in an electronic reader.	Wired Headphones
No problems with the fire. Works well. Just need a case for it now. Size is very convenient.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my mom and she loves it. She said it is really easy to use and loves the lighting, it's easy for her to read.	Vareebadd Phone
Very helpful and friendly. Didn't have too much selection on what I was looking for. But found what I needed.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is so great for the price, but Amazon has always put out excellent product. This is fairly lightweight and pretty fast too. Like all Amazon product it ties all your Amazon accounts so downloads and purchases are super easy. I have dropped it a couple of times and no damage... so it's pretty tough too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a great and affordable tablet for my 12 & 13 year old grandsons. It keeps up with the higher speed internet.	USB-C Charging Cable
So far the tablet works great. I got this for my daughter for Christmas and she downloads games no problem. The 16gb is great I'm glad I purchased the larger storage capacity.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
very good for kids to use, play games and watch kids videos.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like that it gets 12 hours of charge time. Easy to use.	Wired Headphones
i bought this on a whim because my brother recommended i try it sometimes. hard to believe how important this is in my life. this has opened up my long forgotten youth with music and videos anytime	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was looking for a cheap tablet for my a son to use saw this unit on sale on black Friday good unit.	20in Monitor
Basic internet plus a ton of Amazon apps and some standard ones too. If you want to use Amazon it is an excellent tool.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy setup. Confusing screens but practical and inexpensive.	27in FHD Monitor
Really enjoy this product. Love watching movies and playing games on my Fire HD 8	27in FHD Monitor
Great rablet, clear screen and small design. Great for watching movies.	LG Washing Machine
Great for keeping around the house and doing basic Internet functions. For traveling it lets you bring books, movies and/or tv shows via Amazon so being Amazon Prime is a plus.For you business travelers, out of the box it can open, view, & edit MS Office files, .docx, .xlsx, & .pptx.All this for 25% the price of a iPad. Yes, the iPad can do more, but do you need it?	Apple Airpods Headphones
I pulled the trigger on the fire tablet knowing the I would have to install the google play store separately. with some work this could be the most bang for your buck for an android tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for my niece for a Christmas gift. She loves it no complaints	20in Monitor
Best tablet money can buy for under 100$. Very happy with its performance and responsiveness. External speaker is much better on this than my more expensive samsung tab E tablet.	ThinkPad Laptop
I use it at home instead of a computer. I gave it four stars instead of five because it seems to lose wifi frequently. However this could be due to house wifi issues. The tablet is fast and easy to use. Love the ease of downloading books.	Wired Headphones
Got this tablet on sale for $59.99 at Best Buy and got Webroot Internet Security free with purchase. This is not a high end tablet but it works really great for many of the things I do. For the price it can't be beat!	Flatscreen TV
Easy to use and portable. Took on vacation and it was great to kkep up on emails and news.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Really handy. Can check email, read a book. Also can access info on the web. Lightweight.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was hesitant to buy a Fire tablet but I just needed an extra around the house tablet and I was very impressed. If you need a tablet just to browse the internet, watch movies and light basic searches its perfect.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased the device for my son to take full benefits of his prime account. A decent device with reasonable features for the low cost.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 5 year old son. He navigates through apps and sites easily. The built in Wifi is helpful for car rides. Parental controls blocks him from buying every download he finds attractive. We're still trying to figure out how to get Alexa to audio respond.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This product is very easy to set up and use. Has lots of great features that make it fun and easy for kids to play games and read books.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife. She is an avid reader. She previously had a B&N Nook which stopped working. This is much nicer and she loves it. Would recommend for someone who likes to read while traveling or simply at home.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for a child at Christmas. After days of research, this tablet seemed to be the best buy of the lot. It had a good processor, decent memory, and good reviews. It should be exactly what a 12 year old would need in a tablet at a great price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was looking for and cost effective solution to satisfy my childrens desires to have there own SmartPhone to play Games.I like the Parental controls, to limit certain actions and downloads.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great easy tablet for a reasonable price. Not the most super powerful. It can get the job done for simple tasks such as surfing the web, checking email, playing YouTube, etc. screen is clear and responsive. Great inexpensive tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
It was a gift for my granddaughter and she seems very happy with it so far.	27in FHD Monitor
Purchase for a 12 year old. Sturdy, easy to usr. Great price	Lightning Charging Cable
I gave this as a gift for Christmas and still can't get it set up will have to go to geek squad to help	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet is great and easy to use. Great way to keep the kids entertain.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"It replaces my 6"" Fire Kindle. Love the HD quality."	Lightning Charging Cable
Owned a kindle fire HDX for GameCircle years. Finally decided Goodreads upgrade. This fire HD 8 is great. Really Prime the larger screen and new features.	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazon tablet that links to my amazon prime account so that i can watch all my movies and listen to my music.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Grandson used a borrowed one at school. So now has his own .	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for children and for entertainment...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for the price it is offered at. Great for amazon prime members.	ThinkPad Laptop
my third amazon fire, has more features than my old one. battery lastlonger	Lightning Charging Cable
Pretty good tablet especially for the price. That being said, it could be slightly faster when opening apps and running certain processes. Overall good machine for the price.	20in Monitor
Nice size. Good processor speed. Not happy that I cannot gety Google music.	USB-C Charging Cable
I think that my Amazon tablet does all that I need for it to do.Handy to have when traveling.Easy to operate.	Vareebadd Phone
While this tablet doesn't have the screen resolution that I'm used to it's a nice beginner tablet. Faster than my old Fire HD tablet I purchased years ago...	Wired Headphones
Great value. Daughter loves it. Easy to use and navigate for her.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I bought the 8"" version on impulse because of an excellent offer on Black Friday. As an Amazon product, it offers Amazon apps. While you can get Google Play apps, it requires some hoops. I just discovered I can't save movies from Netflix because that only applies to the HDX version. So this product has limits. But used as a Kindle reader, or to get email via wifi, or other uses (wifi only) while traveling where you wouldn't want to take an expensive device, it is a good choice."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is such a wonderful value for the money!!Clear display with great color!!	ThinkPad Laptop
Tablet is wonderful for young kids. There's ways to switch it to kid friendly	Flatscreen TV
This was a Christmas present so it hasn't had a lot of use yet but so far this tablet has worked well and was straightforward to set up	Wired Headphones
"We bought one of these for our 2 year old a few months ago and we liked it so much we bought one as a Christmas present for a 65 year old parent. It obviously isn't the highest quality tablet on the market, but it very responsive and gets the job done. And, you can't beat the price; just a great value."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I have two other versions of Kindle tablets and each one gets better. Great screen display allowing for clear and enjoyable viewing. Easy to use. Quick downloading and updating.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect size. Works great. Just as advertised. Has a long battery life.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy tablet to use. Great camera.Touch screen. Very clear screen.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I still have my own Kindle since a few years ago and it still works. I love it and my grandkids both love their kindles.	Wired Headphones
this is my 2nd hd 8, very fast and easy, great value	Lightning Charging Cable
Was looking for tablet to read books and this is perfect for that.	Vareebadd Phone
Turns out the Fire is much better than I expected. Well worth the $50 I paid for it!	Wired Headphones
Gave this as a gift and she was very pleased. Great product at a great price!	USB-C Charging Cable
I am bring it back for an exchange. (a different make)	Wired Headphones
Beautiful picture. Enjoying different apps and looking forward to hours of fun.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works well. Easy to use. I like the auto on when you open the case	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my son for Christmas. He loves it. He can use it to access the web. This item is great for kids, it is education. You canaccess over 13,000 books on amazon. It has helped my son with his reading.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .	USB-C Charging Cable
Mom loves the tablet. Easy for her to use, she uses it for Facebook, reading, and some of her games.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This was a gift from my wife. I wanted a lighter Kindle and this is it. I have been happy with this new version.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great quality, great price and best of all has good sound.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is great, and it has a good battery life. I'd recommend for people who love to read.	Apple Airpods Headphones
good value for the money, love the kindle for reading	USB-C Charging Cable
"Truly enjoying this fire. My last kindle fire is only 3 years old and works great but want a front and rear camera. Camera takes good pictures. Also like feature of ""Alexia""."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
got this for wife for christmas she loves thing she can read her kindle book and surf the web like a regular tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great e-reader. Easy to download books. Screen is easy to read from.	Flatscreen TV
purchased for my mom and showed her a few apps and she took to it without further direction	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet for the price. Being amazon prime member, I am using many amazon services and devices, tablet is really handy for managing it all very easily apart from other basic functinality of tablets.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Had a Fire 7 previously which was ok but this one is brighter, faster and the larger keyboard makes a huge difference.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this tablet for my mom who struggles with technology. The Fire HD8 was easy to setup and has many great features. She is catching on well and learning new applications daily. A great value.	iPhone
I've never had a tablet, I-phone, Smartphone . . . Nothing but PCs. This is my first foray into these modern electronics. I must say that, while I still find it very nerve-wracking, this Amazon Fire Tablet has been pretty user-friendly for an old man like me. I'm learning something new about it every day.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got it for my grandma. She loves it , has no complaints about it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the price you can't beat this tablet for kids. I'm not a fan of Amazon's super restricted App Store, but the device itself is very good. I love the curfew feature. You can set up times that a child can or can't access the tablet without your permission.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is so much easier to travel with than the lap top.	Google Phone
Gave to my Grandchildren for Christmas, would like to get another for the same price for another Grandchild.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I took a couple of pictures with the camera and when I went to view them I can't seem to find the pictures. When I bought my tablet they transferred what I had on my 7in but some of the apps didn't transfer. I'll have to come in and have it explained.Other than that I am very pleased with it.	Vareebadd Phone
Bought this for my gf since she is on her phone playing games etc. I've used it a few times and like it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my 11 yr old and my main concern was parental controls. Parental controls are an awesome feature and were easy to set up. Amazon had plenty of free apps for kids that i didnt need to purchase extra. Thank you I'm very happy with this purchase!	20in Monitor
We purchased these because we really liked the price. We also bought protective cases for both and an antivirus program for them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my mom for Christmas. It is her first tablet. She loved it, and will have no problems learning to use it. Very straightforward and easy to pick up. Great storage, fantastic resolution and really good features.	Wired Headphones
i really like this tablet..easy to use and looks great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the price, I would definitely recommend the higher gigabyte as it downloads quickly and doesn't take time to upload.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It has great picture quality, all the applications seem to load very fast.	USB-C Charging Cable
The device is a good item and I really recommend to everyone	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This Kindle was purchased on the black friday sale. At the time I felt it was a steal at that price. The first tablet I purchased a few years ago was the original Kindle Fire, the following year I purchased an iPad mini and now have the iPad mini 4. As you may already know, the iPad does not have explandable memory. This Kindle can have expanded memory to 200GB so that was a good selling point for me. After setting this new Kindle Fire up, I noticed that viewing photos were not as clear as the original iPad mini even without retina display, and the color had a greenish-yellowish tint to it. Some may not notice this if they do not have something else to compare it to. I'm a pro photographer so this was quite unaceptable to me. I was not expecting perfection with the colors but people's skin tones appeared greenish as if they were Vulcans. I also like to read tech manuals and magazines of which many are in PDF format. The Kindle will read this format but the Kindle Fire after all these years still cannot display the cover art from pdf books, etc.; it displays an acrobat pdf document logo instead. If you have a large library of pdfs you have to read through the document titles instead of being able to select by seeing the cover of the book. That was enough for me, I've been spoiled by the ease of use of the iPad and the display with accurate colors. Back to the store for a prompt refund it went. Overall..still a good deal but if you are used to an iPad for the reasons I am..you may be disappointed."	iPhone
Works well. But does not offer access to the apple or android App Store. Without the apps that I need, this tablet is not as useful.	Lightning Charging Cable
this Amazon fire tab works really well.the syncing aspect is very nice being able to pair it with all my devices.i wish it had Google play.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It's a really good gadget ...I love everything about it...	Wired Headphones
I would definitely recommend it to others since it is a good value for money product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice easy-to-use tablet. We just got it and so far so good	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and please send me a $50 gift certificate for filling out this survey or cash works too.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this for my son. He been reading books and searching stuff on line and watching youtube on it. He said it didn't hurt his eyes like the iPad.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
great product I would recommend this tablet, grest price	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is by far one of the best purchases we've made for my son. The kids feature is extra nice!	Lightning Charging Cable
While the Fire hd8 tablet certainly will not perform like some of the more expensive units, for basic web surfing, email, and especially shopping on Amazons web site, this tablet performs well, although it will occasionally freeze while surfing some sites. The screen resolution is what I would call 'adequate', but not on par with other high resolution (and far more expensive) tablets out there.Overall, I am pleased with this tablet-so far.	Google Phone
Purchased this Kindle Fire HD8 from Best Buy. My fiancé downloaded her first book. She already started reading and said it is really cool to use. She said it is easy to see and navigate.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have enjoyed using the Fire HD. It is fast and easy to use. I also appreciate all the things it will do.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle fire hd is a sweet tablet for reading and apps like netflix or hulu.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It does everything my kids need without having to pay a ridiculous price.	Vareebadd Phone
The kindle is great not only is it a reader its bascially a computer. It connects to the internet it takes pictures and has many other great features.	20in Monitor
very satisfied with tablet, very fast and efficient	Apple Airpods Headphones
I really enjoy using this tablet it runs very well	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Tons of value, if you want a budget tablet look no further.	Google Phone
We purchased this tablet for our son for Christmas, to replace a malfunctioning Kindle Fire 7. We like Kindle for our kids for the parental controls. So far, this Kindle has performed fine. He seems happy with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Really crisp picture. Fast and good amout of storage.	Wired Headphones
I got the kindle fire hd8 for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it very much	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The product is quite durable and user friendly in many aspects.	LG Dryer
"This is our 4th kindle and we love them as ""beginner"" tablets for kids! No worries of data overages and with the sd card slot memory will no longer be an issue!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My 10 year old has enjoyed playing on this. Great selection of apps and games.	USB-C Charging Cable
did not expect this kind of quality for the price I paid. very surprised. nice product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
First off I can't get over how much I like this one. The battery life is great the screen is nice and clear .... and bright. I would buy it again if anything ever happened to it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great compact tablet with great coclors and resolution-----decent battery life and good wi fi connectivity	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this tablet! It's the perfect size. I can do everything on it and it was affordable!	Lightning Charging Cable
Can't beat for price,feels expensive but isn't. Does all the basics	Wired Headphones
I love this tablet. The screen is so clear. So easy to read a book on.	27in FHD Monitor
I'm loving my kindle fire. It does everything I need it to do and more.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works well but lacks forward control of screen and right and left movement on keyboard. Good foor short notes but could never do any substantial typing on this without external keyboard. Good for basic websurfing and email.	Lightning Charging Cable
"The 8"" version is much better than the older 7"" version. Better graphics and faster processor"	
Better then a E-book, more options and versatility	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I haven't used a product like this and man I have to tell u it's better than apple products	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was exactly as advertised and did everything that was claimed. Setup was fast and easy and I have no complaints.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this tablet for streaming, facebook, games and general web surfing. The apps are available on the amazon underground, not google playstore, so some apps that you may be used to using, may not be available on amazon underground. Overall, great tablet for the price. Would recommend.	Lightning Charging Cable
The screen is vibrant and clear. It is fast and doesn't lag when going onto different sites. If you have Amazon Prime this is the tablet for you as it gives you access to unlimited, music, movies, and tv. Awesome purchase!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great size and storage for reading my online books	Lightning Charging Cable
Great price on a good tablet... especially on Black Friday	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The HD8 is a Great tablet. I purchased two for my daughter's. The tablet feels durable to touch. The screen picture is crisp and clear.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandson loved it. I had the smaller one but wanted to larger one for him.	27in FHD Monitor
I received this as a gift. One of the best I've ever received.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two of these Fire Tablets for gifts for my sons. They are both thrilled with the features. They use them for gaming, music, photo albums, emails and online activities. The HD is what sold me. I have a Kindle Fire 2nd generation and I enjoyed mine so much since 2012, I looked into getting this one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I gave my husband this tablet for Christmas. He is very pleased with the product. He likes it much better than the last tablet that I purchased him 3 years ago. He highly recommends the product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased due to reviews and in sale. So far easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
"The Fire HD tablet is a good product. The screen has good viewing angles and the display is on point. However, the major issue I have are you have to be online to make any setting changes to the tablet.; and the advertisements that show up on the home screen is a downer. So, the rating of a 4 star is pushing for me."	27in FHD Monitor
It's such a great tablet !!! Love the picture and everything about it is amazing. I'm glad I chose this one and what a great deal I got on Black Friday	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for a 6 years old she loves it and is always on it great starter tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 6 year old got it for Christmas and is able to use it very well	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gift for daughter. She loves it. Just opened so as far as I know it will be a great purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great product as usually ... better screen and faster than my previous. Work with my chromecast .. easy to use	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This my second kindle .. it's light and faster than my previous kindle ..came with free audio books for 30 days which is cool ... better screen .. it does seem to be long than wider .. which I'm ok with and I got this on sale for 60 .. great deal	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I used to watch youtube on my phone and wife decided I needed something bigger. I seem to like it very much. I did buy a micro sd card for it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I previously had a nook that died and tried the Fire and I was hooked. Great price and lots of things to do	AA Batteries (4-pack)
PICKED THIS TABLET UP ON BLACK FRIDAY. WHAT A GREAT DEAL. WORKS AWESOME AND HAS ALL OF THE AMAZON APPS.	Lightning Charging Cable
Second one, bigger, better, easy as pie to set up.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this orange Fire Hd8 on Black Friday so it was at a great price. My husband likes it a lot. It was purchased as a replacement for his previous Fire 7 tablet that was having charging issues. I've heard of a several others having the similar issues so hopefully this model lasts longer and has an improved charging port.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my dad who loves tech that his life easier the alexa integration is fantastic.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this as a gift for my father and he's loving it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
bought two for the family and they connect easily and work surprisingly fast for a small price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I use my fire hd8 to download books from the library. Easier to read than on my smartphone.	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought this to replace my children's aging Ipads and they're very happy.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was looking for a easy to use tablet for a beginner and this met my needs .	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this during black Friday sale offer, was a good purchase and cheap.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle Fire HD is an impressive Product. It is faster than my Samsung tablet. I know I will enjoy using it. I just wish that Amazon Prime music had a downloadable app for it.	Wired Headphones
It is great , I like it very much. I can find anything you want.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Enjoy the pad and its options. Its a great starter pad for kids.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Downloading is a breeze, works quick and effective for what I bought it for. Very pleased.	USB-C Charging Cable
if you had a kindle fire 1st. this one is mush better.with all the new stuff inside .	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought two of these for the grandkids, I was going to show them how to set them up, didn't need to!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"ilovemy kindle 8"" . However it has crash a couple of times and am not sure why. also the 8"" case is not made for this kindle because the clamps used to hold it are right on the buttons to turn on and volume. so if you have a better case for it please let me know."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works very well. Cheaper than an iPad and works great for apps and video.	20in Monitor
This was so easy to set up and the print can easily be adjusted to extra large. My 78 year old dad was really happy with his first experience with technology. He is now surfing the net and reading news online. Highly recommended.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
horrible...just like the other 7 i have owned ONLY due to warranties	Wired Headphones
I got 2 of these for my 8 and 9 year old daughters and I love them and so do they	20in Monitor
LOVE BEING ABLE TO MAKE SPECIFIC PROFILES FOR MY CHILDREN	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We love the kindle fire HD8. it can have various profiles to accomodate all people who uses it in our family household. it is also very easy to set up	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this Kindle because of the great price. Good thing, because I dropped the other one without the case on it and it cracked.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this as alight weight replacement for my laptop. It has accomplished everything I needed. I'm sure there will be something's I still need HP for, but this is a great tablet for what I needed. I got a case and 64gig card also. Everything works seamlessly so far.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I upgraded my mother's 3rd generation Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7"" to this new one and she likes the display being bigger to 8"" and is much faster."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My husband bought this on Black Friday at a really great price! He loves how lightweight this is, and offers him his email, internet functionality and books, of course. Great buy!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This fire is much better than the old one so far. It responds much faster and has a much better screen. I also put a 128 gig memory stick into it which the old fire could not accommodate. So far, so good.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was purchased an a reward for a job well done. Set up was easy and the functionality was perfect for my needs.	iPhone
I found this to be a great tablet for all ages-easy to use-great content.	Lightning Charging Cable
You cannot get a better tablet for the price and Best Buy had it on sale.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Daughter loves it. Everything transferred from her Kindle to the fire. She said it is unbelievable fast.	Lightning Charging Cable
This version is a really good upgrade over the older fire tablet that we had before. Very happy with it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is awesome play pokemon and clash use silk its awesome great present	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old and she loves it. It works great and my package arrived early with no issues.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this item for my son as a Christmas gift. His eyes lit up as he unwrapped it on Christmas morning. Later in the day, his older cousin had to call me and verify if he had truely received this item as a Christmas gift... I also plan on taking Best Buy up on their e - mailed offer that I received, which states that I can receive free start up service to get me started with my tech purchase.	iPhone
One of the best tablets on the market for its value	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my six year old son for a Christmas present and he loves it. He couldn't be happier it keeps him very entertained. This tablet was such a good deal definitely no complaints here. Best buy has the greatest deals love this store.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Strong fast tablet. My 8 year old can manage it perfectly!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Does what I wanted it to do. Really like the way it performs.	USB-C Charging Cable
Does not let me connect with my library. Very diapointed	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for my wife so that she has an option other than her phone or laptop to browse the internet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I Love this tablet its Awesome and way Cool I highly recommend this to anyone Great price	Apple Airpods Headphones
great value for the pricing...black friday special	Lightning Charging Cable
Inexpensive, No need to worry about it getting broken/lost	Apple Airpods Headphones
It is very handy great when i don't want to use a computer and i can take it anywhere	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought it for my wife and the fire does not have to be recharged as often as the paper white. she likes it	20in Monitor
bought this during black friday (actually Thursday). ok for price. but not cool i had to buy extra storage for not a great price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I started with the 7"" little brother and liked it a lot, so I decided to upgrade to the larger model. I use it primarily as an e-reader and for some net surfing and Facebook. The WiFi works great and is ready to access and use. Don't buy this unit if you want cell (4g) access to the Internet. It is WiFi only. Frankly, my cell phone takes better pictures, but that's not what I really wanted from the unit. All in all, a great reader with excellent battery life."	Lightning Charging Cable
A great alternative to the more expensive iPad. I prefer my paper white for reading but this is great for everything else.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great gift idea. Nice addition to the kindle family.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
So far it does what I want. Very happy with the price too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I read the reviews, before I purchased this item and.... So far, so GOOD! The handy-dandy case that I found on sale for 9.99, at the same time works well too.	Lightning Charging Cable
I've owned a Kindle Fire HD7 before and this newer Kindle fire didn't disappoint. It does the job really well for most things and the price you pay, but don't expect it to be a top of the line tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Everything I needed it for. Screen is nice enough and price was right.	iPhone
The 8-inch screen makes it very easy to use and read the print of books. Overall quality is very good.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect for my wife and college daughter. Very easyTo learn reader.	Lightning Charging Cable
My Dad, retired Vietnam veteran, received this as a gift and he Loves it so much. Very user friendly and great quality for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Picture is great. Quick response when going from site to site. Sound is not so good but what I expected from a tablet.	ThinkPad Laptop
very easy to set up and use. seems to be good quality	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased on Black FridayPros - Great Price (even off sale)Very powerful and fast with quad core processors Amazing soundWell builtCons -Amazon ads, Amazon need this to subsidize the tablet and will remove the adds if you pay them $15.Inability to access other apps except the ones from Amazon. There is a way which I was able to accomplish to add the Google Play storeNet this is a great tablet for the money	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this as a gift and I'm had I did. This tablet far exceeds my expectations.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very pleased with my tablet. Love that it's HD and user friendly.	iPhone
I thought twice about getting this because of people saying you have limited apps but its not to limited so I am very happy. I was able to get google youtube Netflix and all the main apps I actually care about. For the price you cannot do any better. Love it so much we ended up getting my kids each one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
good for reading for a long hours since battery last over 6 hours. I will recommend it to my relatives and friendas	USB-C Charging Cable
Key to owning this tablet is having amazon prime account	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and navigate. Great for watching movies and videos!!	iPhone
Bought two of these for my kids for Christmas. Love the level of control it gives me to supervise and monitor usage.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Best deal I have seen online. I checked Amazon and they were not as good.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We bought this as a gift for someone who travels often. She loves it and said the quality it as expected.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great battery life and picture quality. The camera is not the greatest but I often don't use it for the camera. I usually have my phone with me so I use that instead. Can hold a lot of books too.	Wired Headphones
The Amazon Fire HD8 is a great tablet at a bargain price. Purchased at Christmas time for $59. It's an even better value if you have an Amazon Prime account. Only downside is the use of Amazon's Appstore instead of the Google play store which has more variety.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 3 three of these for my boys for Christmas gifts. Great little tablet. Perfect for everything they want to use it for.	Wired Headphones
Greatest small tablet. Just wanted something convenient.	Wired Headphones
My wife loves her Fire Hd8 she had one of the older models so i up graded her to this new model and she feel in love with it right away	Wired Headphones
The amazon kindle fire is a great reader on a budget. It has most of the basic functions of standard tablets(Ipad, galaxy tablets) at a fraction of the cost. It also has access to a huge amazon library of books.	USB-C Charging Cable
We got 2 of these tablets in black Friday for a great price! its a pro if you have amazon prime, since everything around this tablet is amazon base- shopping, videos, books, and alexa.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my kiddos. Pretty good, easy to use	USB-C Charging Cable
Always a good price and good for what it's meant for.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Amazon Fire is great for reading my Kindle Books, checking email, facebook, or checking out the internet. Haven't ck'd out what else I can do with it, but I'm sure there is a lot.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the Amazon Fire HD tablet, easy to get around	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Download games, movies, education apps to help ur kids to learn to read do math problems and keep them entertained while on the road or family trips	Wired Headphones
These are excellent to keep on the coffee table or taking along on a trip. Can't beat the price.	Flatscreen TV
Definitely worth the investment...I may get a couple of more!	Google Phone
My daughter had a smaller eight GB tablet ... this was a nice step up for her and with better graphics. We extended the memory with an SD card for photos.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for my son and he enjoys playing in it. He's able to download all the apps he wanted and the camera is awesome.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this Kindle. It is my fourth kindle and it is best one yet.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet works great and my daughter loves it. Only reason not 5 stars is because you cant access google play without rooting the tablet. Way to ruin android amazon.	Lightning Charging Cable
i use the hd8 for my personal entertainment system	20in Monitor
I have had many tablets, Samsung, Asus and old Ipad. This Fire holds its own . The Silk system is not quite as speedy but the lack of bloatware is nice. There is a hack to get more google apps. It's light to hold, the ads are not invasive. I enjoy taking advantage of the Prime benefits. Simple to operate. Would recommend for everyday use and movie/reading music consumption.	iPhone
Christmas gift so it's to early to tell, arrived on time	Apple Airpods Headphones
Christmas gifts for 2 granddaughters. They loved there first ones. time for a update	USB-C Charging Cable
There are better tablets, but at this price point the Fire HD 8 is outstanding.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Reasonably priced and great for the grandkids. We purchased cheaper tablets for them last year and none of them lasted! So far these are looking 100% better.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This baby is a bargain. Very good screen, decent overall quality and performance...and now Alexa. I use it with Bluetooth speaker and it has become my office music machine. Hold the home button and ask Alexa to play easy jazz. No muss; no fuss. Improves upon 'regular' Alexa because she has a screen now!."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got exactly what I was expecting with this purchase, a low cost device for media consumption (e-books, movies, music) with surprisingly decent performance in the few games I've tried on the device. The MicroSD expansion card slot is a must-have for me when purchasing any tablet device.	Wired Headphones
This was a gift for grandchildren. I am sure they will love, seeing they used the older one we have.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Most people will go with a bigger more sofisticated iPad or Samsung but this is a good product for a child to pass time or someone not wanting all the bells and whistles	
Perfect cheap device for kids and grandkids nice to have sitting around	Lightning Charging Cable
"This Fire HD 8 is my first such device. I find it to be easy to operate and very responsive.The touch screen control takes getting used to as I often click on the wrong close part of the screen and have to go back. The Alexa voice assistant surprised me when she announcedherself over the speaker. (I shut her off since I'm not a fan of conversing with computers).My main complaint is that comes with nothing but a charger and cable. The wordless, pictorialstart up instructions were primitive and vague. There are no instructions on how to use thisdevice; no sample book to test and get familiar with. There is a help function thatfills in some basics of functionality but not thorough enough. The WiFi connectivity is great, using the latest protocol and encryption. It has a simple web browser but web time also seems to be the greatest drain on the battery. The cable can be used toattach to a Windows PC and transfer files (books, music, pictures etc). I would also recommend buying a protective case for if its ever accidently dropped."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This Fire tablet is a nice upgrade to the one I purchased 3 years ago. The screen is great, it is very fast, has lots of storage with the SD card, and just an all-around good product. And a great value.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is an easy device to download sites and convenient too!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased the 8 inch Fire tablet during Black Friday and have been using it since. A great deal.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Doesn't disappoint. Nice features. Owned two prior to this one. Very nice tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my first tablet and I'm excited about learning how to use it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have not used it a ton yet but I am very happy with my experience so far.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is great for an 8 yr old. She had out grown her Nabi and likes taking pictures this does just the trick. The memory can be extended to hold more pictures. Great tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I started out with an original kindle and wanted one with backlight and the price was too good to pass up!	20in Monitor
I LOVE my fire! I subscribe to both Amazon Prime and Netflix, and it's perfect for those. Plus you can add additional memory cards. I have bought iPads for everyone in my house, and bought this for myself and am in heaven. The camera isn't good though, but I don't use it. For the money, this is an incredible value.	iPhone
Black Friday deal. Great alternative for my 2 IPads.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great stuff to have. It is a good tool to help your kids go out and find knowledge! And this does help. Wanting knowledge should still be encourage.	Apple Airpods Headphones
First time user and very pleased. Great for me because of my book downloads. Not too big and not too small.	USB-C Charging Cable
This Kindle fire is amazing. I love how kindlely and fiery it is.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great value for such a well made tablet. Everything you need for a low price	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet and am very happy with it.	Flatscreen TV
We bought this Fire HD to replace an older model and the kids love it. Ease of use and the integration with Amazon Prime makes the product worth every moment. It is mostly used to watch movies and play some games so it works well for what is needed. Great for the price but if you need more options as far as productivity goes you may want to stick with an iPad or Galaxy Tab.	
This product my not fully compare to more expensive tablets, but Amazon has made improvements that provide a platform to watch media and read. Further, Amazon has made significant strides to provide a music platform which also improves the value of this tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Loved the Fire HD7 but the latest HD8 is sharper, faster and still handles great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use tablet. Good price. Great for beginners as well as intermediate users. Fun!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product simple easy to understand great value!!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
"I bought this tablet as a replacement for my wife's Fire TV HDX 8.9 as her battery life is starting to decrease as it is getting older. Unfortunately, she was not happy with it as the tablet is slightly smaller screen wise (the next step is 10"" which is way too big, and has 4 less hours of battery life) and I was disappointed despite it being a newer tablet it was not able to decode HEVC, like the Fire TV 2015 boxes we have connected to our televisions. This unfortunately is a show stopper, as we can't view the movie library we have on this tablet. We will wait until a newer version comes out that is improved."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Great price and good quality screen image in a nice 8"" format. I installed a 128 GB microSD card with no problems. I was impressed with the quality of the device and it fit a generic tablet cover that was too big for the 7"" generic tablet I had previously purchased. I wished I had gotten a few more during the black Friday sale. It came with a charger and cable."	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tablet/e-reader. You can do a lot on this bad boy!!	Wired Headphones
Great all around Tablet. Does a little bit of everything along with being the best e-reader around.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great quality and decent price. Love features and the fact that I can mirror my tablet on my tv with firestick.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect for teenage tablet, perfect for homework!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is well worth the money. It has descent performance and good screen resolution. And it is definitely a great tablet for beginners. This is the one for those who don't want to spend more on tablets.	Lightning Charging Cable
Really great product. It's pretty good! Did what I needed?	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love this tablet. It does pretty much every thing my ipad does!!!!	iPhone
Hoped this Fire HD 8 would be faster than my old HD Fire...not so much, I guess I expected the new Fire HD 8 to perform better but it still lags and is slow to load information while surfing the Internet. My wife's Ipad is light years ahead on this one, but what do you expect from a 60-70 dollar tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
It works well for what I needed. I purchased for great price on black Friday.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My mom had been wanting one for a while, so this was great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"The 8 In Fire tablet does everything my nexus 7 tablet did; but also has the added benefit of expandable storage."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great budget tablet. Just needs good sized microsd card!	Google Phone
Nice tablet for media consumption for the price. For Amazon user for sure	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I"" like it a lot, easy to use , A big improvement over the original, the price was increideble (black friday special)onclude a camera , front and rear, the quality is not as good as a cell phone, but is ok"	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet does everything it said it would. Works great.	27in FHD Monitor
No complaints. I just wish it played .avi, but that is not really a huge problem	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this kindle on black friday for $60.it works very well as a reader and tablet. It has good battery life and silk is a decent option for a browser. I also side loaded the nook apponto this kindle. It works as well here as it does on my nookereader.	20in Monitor
"The Amazon Fire HD8 16GB is a excellent value and performs accordingly for it's price-point. It cannot be compared with a mini-ipad at a fraction of the price. The other drawback is the , limited apps as compared to the apple store or even google store. Yes, the google store can be loaded with a little difficulty. All in all for the money, it;s a nice little tablet."	20in Monitor
Has all of the functions of the expensive iPads and works great for fraction of the cost!!!	ThinkPad Laptop
After looking at several similar products, and looking at multiple reviews, the Amazon Fire HD 8 seemed like the best choice. The fact that it was on-sale one-third off on Black Friday made the final choice easy. We are very pleased with how this product works and how it met our needs for a bit larger screen. Easy for us mid-seventy year-olds to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Upgraded my tablet to hd, previous owned the 7"" regular. I wanted a tablet so my grandkids can use instead of using my ipad. A great xmas gift."	Lightning Charging Cable
Very user friendly and straight forward instructions great for all ages	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I had a smaller version and this was easy to adjust to and use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Really affordable present for a kid.. Or just have around	Wired Headphones
It's a great tablet for the price. Fast and snappy	iPhone
This is a nice and cheap android device. HD display and Amazon's sturdy build quality with 10 hours+ battery backup. Sometimes runs a little slow, rest is good	27in FHD Monitor
Upgrade to my kindle fire 7, pleased with all the new features including Alexa	Lightning Charging Cable
I enjoy my Kindle immensely, so much better than having to start up my computer.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought on Black Friday for my kids, my 3 year old can work it just fine with the kids app for watching YouTube and other videos.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I picked this up as a doorbuster for my father-in-law. He has an Amazon account and can watch the movies he likes.	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids like it very much! The price is low. The tablet is light weighted.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love my Kendal but cannot find a case or screen saver for it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am very satisfied with this tablet. I use it for browsing because the screen is larger than my phone. Caught it on sale and bought two. Good value for the money. It was recommended by a friend. Get a case for it, it is easier to hold on to. The second one will make a nice gift.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an older tablet. I probobly expected too much. If I'm going to deal with lagginess I prefer my ipad2.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this thing around Black Friday and only paid about 50 something bucks. Awesome equipment you can actually stream the web very glad I bought it can't believe it so inexpensive!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product...great price very easy to use...I got it for my nieces..they love it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It is good. Some apps are not available. Easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for one of my granddaughters. She just loves this Kindle. This is the second one I've bought for her. This is a bigger and newer generation with lots more options.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Fun to use and also easy for kids to use as well! Good tablet for books and games for all the family!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tablet, perfect size, has night mode on display so you would be able to fall asleep if using at night - won't keep you awake because blue light is filtered out. Response is great, colors IPS panel great, no blue tooth	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a really great tablet. It even has Amazon Alexa built in, so I don't have to buy Echo or Echo Dot. I originally bought it to use as a MP3 player but has so many features, I haven't added any music to it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good for kids to learn and play games and research school work.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Purchased these for my grandkids...and they absolutely love them. They can play play their games to their hearts' content. They ar ed really fast too.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for kids to use! Play games or read books and isn't slow.	27in FHD Monitor
I got this kindle because I broke my Fire 7'. It took some getting use to since the screen was bigger but overall it was a great purchase.	Wired Headphones
Pretty happy with this so far. Like the fact that you can add memory.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my new kindle fire HD8!!! It is a great tablet for all ages and easy to navigate!!!! I highly recommend this tablet for everyone!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Used for internet surfing . Does a great job, it's great!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect price for the tablet and recommend for kids who don't take care of electronics. Purchased a I-Pad and the kids broke it and was out $600.00. If they break the tablet I can purchase another on at the low cost at Best Buy.	Wired Headphones
Picked this up during Black Friday and for the price is a great starter tablet for my kids	20in Monitor
Our tablet is fast and works very well. I am pleased with the amount of apps that Amazon offers.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is really good for the price, especially on the holidays. If you are a movie watcher or just using it for games it has great speed with a quad core. Highly recommend so e-book as well. Very happy with my purchase I bought 3 already.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My amazon fire is amazing, it is fast and is durable.	LG Dryer
Great table I pay cheap price is gift for my son my son is happy	Apple Airpods Headphones
My daughter loves this tablet. Uses it for Netflix!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So impressed with the battery life on this! My phone's battery is almost dead in the morning, but this thing can play music for 8 hours and the battery just goes down 20%. :)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am glad that I made this choice for both my kids: they love this gadget it has things for them to learn and play. Great thing about this is customized content for children	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Amazon tablet line is possibly one of the best our there. The functionalities of android and windows with the ease of use equal to an Ipad	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tmtis is the second tablet I purchased for my kids. Its perfect for all the things my kids do.	Wired Headphones
Amazon fire tablet is great and easy to use. Good value!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazing tablet for the price. Lightning quick, screen quality is great and it has a great feel to it. It's only limitation it's the Amazon app store.	iPhone
I love how you can keep up with social media and watch movies online. This is fantastic!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife loves reading on the tablet. It's also great for surfing the web.	iPhone
I bought it for friend of mine, he really liked it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works very well. Easy to carry around & connect to wifi.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
needed a tv in our kitchen, wasn't looking for huge or fancy for this. so the 32 inch was perfect for us	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great. Easy conversion for an aging guy without much technological experience.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought my Fire HD just for reading. I have a Kindle Unlimited membership and wanted to keep all my books in one place. This is an amazing little tablet. How Amazon can sell these for only $89 is beyond me. And I got mine on Black Friday, so it was only $59! At that price it was a downright steal. I had the first Kindle Fire. This model is better in every way imaginable. I also own an iPad Pro 9.7"". I don't try to compare the Fire with the iPad, they are completely different devices. But for what the Fire is, I love it every bit as much as I love my Pro!"	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as an upgrade from my old Kindle. Works awesome, i can even watch movies through my Amazon Prime. Plenty of apps to choose from. Awesome little tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great beginner tablet for all ages. Easy to use by all ages.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for our 8 year old for Christmas. Looks like he's going to love it!	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my niece for Christmas. I'm sure she will love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Newest version of Kindle Fire product line is a hit. Larger screen for not much money, good screen resolution and longer battery life. No problems, and I'm a happy reader!	ThinkPad Laptop
Only cost me $59 at Black Friday. Good deal. Way cheaper than an iPad of which I have several. This was for my young kids. The only knock I have has to do with the you tube kids app for this vs apple products. On apple, you tube kids allows you to speak your search. You only have the option to type the search in for this which is problematic for young children who cannot read or write	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am very happy with my product. It's nice fancy HD is very cool. I am able to see and read my books in full format now. Thank you.	iPhone
This is a gift to my wife for xmas, don't know yet if she likes it but I can't see why she wouldn't	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was pretty impressed with this little device. It was easy to setup and works rather well. I had also bought a IPad Air 2 with 128GB during BF for $375. After playing around with the HD Fire I returned the Air 2 because it met my needs at a much lower price. I added a 64GB SD card and am downloading movies from Netflix. The HD display is very clear. Battery life could be a little better but overall I'm very satisfied with it. The free stuff you get with an Amazon Prime account is icing on the cake. I dig it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to set up. Perfect size. Easy to read font. Price was affordable. Great gift idea for the adults on my Christmas list.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Nice size tablet. Very easy to use. Love it!!!!! Beats my laptop.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the tablet not to small, lightweight, and is easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is the best you can buy for the money. Great apps, great picture.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very nice at a great price. Love Bose products. Highly recommend.	Lightning Charging Cable
This on is much better than the original Kindle Fire it is replacing.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a Great budget table, it has has Great features for the price	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I was looking for at replacement tablet and this is exactly what I needed	Wired Headphones
The tablet is great the jacket not so much - doesn't stand up - hate it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Does everything I need thank you. Alight small package easy to take anywhere	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great kindle, perfect size screen, I love using it just as much as my iPad mini and regular size iPad! Easier to travel with!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is really nice and has great clarity I like it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
outstanding replacement tablet for my outdated and overpriced iPad 2	Apple Airpods Headphones
I use it everyday after work for down time.........	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I brought it for my grandmother and she really loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is so much better than the Kindle that I purchased 3 years ago. It is much faster, and I really like how long the battery last before needing to be charged.	Lightning Charging Cable
For what it does it's great for me a good alternative	ThinkPad Laptop
I wanted something for games and reading so I thought this was a great deal. I have enjoyed it so much. Passes a lot of time for me. Easy to download on too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it in order to watch NBC but the NBC app isn't compatible, so now I have a paperweight.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got this for my kid. Great cheap tablet. Camera aren't so good but usable. Apps load quick.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the kindles. This was a gift and a great value. I have one myself.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for my son. Live the endless library of downloadable books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
If you're looking for a tablet to read books & surf the Internet, this is perfect.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great for beginner and intermediate. Highly satisfied!!!	Flatscreen TV
awesome, great value, good quality product, I would recommend this to anyone	Wired Headphones
Gift for my mom and she absolutely loves it. It was exactly what she wanted.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The Amazon Fire HD8 is a super fast tablet for the money. When combined with an Amazon Prime account the true value is released. We purchased tablets for nearly every family member and linked them all through one Amazon account. This becomes an unbelievable value.	Google Phone
This was a perfect gift for the holidays! I saw the reviews on this and immediately had to get it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this on Black Friday and I have been using it for about a month. It is faster than my Fire 7 2015 most likely due to the 1.5GB vs 1GB RAM. The screen resolution is fine though not the best. At this price I am not complaining. Amazon adds some nice features as well. The advertisements are discreet and only when the fire is turned on. Not a problem at all. Even at full price this is a good deal.	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet for my 7 years old and love it. Great parental control, set up goals for the day, turns off at the time, I decided. Works perfectly and very fast processor	USB-C Charging Cable
it's all i needed while away from my computer on the go and at work.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for streaming and an E-reader at a great price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love this tablet. It does everything I need it to.My problem is, I have family that falls in love with it so I give mine away. If this wasn't good, I wouldn't be on my 3rd one.The only thing I would change is the silly ads and even worse browser. Other than that, a solid product!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We got a great deal on Fire HD 8. My kids love playing on it.	iPhone
This is a pretty reliable tablet especially for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I use most of Amazon services (Prime, Kindle, Music, Video, Alexa) and this is the best companion to access all services seamlessly. This tablet also has great features/expansion and performance.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I just like reading amd playing games on it..Better then those bulky computers	Lightning Charging Cable
I have an Amazon fire tablet and love it so hopefully he will also. Pretty easy to use as your first tablet.	Wired Headphones
I'm loving my kindle. Early gift to myself. Happy!	Flatscreen TV
Needed an inexpensive and portable Alexa device and this works perfectly.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Allows for reading of my Kindle lib and even plays a few games	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is easy to use and great for a new user.	Macbook Pro Laptop
its the best tablet that you can buy for the price and you can add a memory card to it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"The new Fire HD8 tablet is a great purchase for the price; it's fast enough for basic browsing, and you can download prime videos to watch on the go (which is why I bought it)."	Apple Airpods Headphones
We use them for classes, they work great and are easy to use for our older individuals	Wired Headphones
Like that downloading books is fast. I am still learning features and have not explored other positives featured.	USB-C Charging Cable
If you're a Amazon frequent flyer like me, HD fire is very fun and convenient placing all aspects of Amazon at your finger tips. The only thing i dont like about it is that its slow like most tablets.	Apple Airpods Headphones
does everything our other tablets do and more. Like the sharing across platforms.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for my mother. She loves it, just the right size to grab and go. Great buy for the money.	Lightning Charging Cable
I read the online reviews and compared products. Same price here as on Amazon.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I liked the idea of having both my Kindle and Tablet in one.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great product. Very inexpensive and a great gift for children.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Replaced a Nook with the fire tablet. Disappointed that I cannot use Chromecast from it. Did not realize I would be tied to amazon. But it is a good tablet so far	Lightning Charging Cable
This item is a budget friendly gift for readers and internet browsers!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The gift was great since I have a 10 I knew was a good present for a very deserved person!	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Good speed compared to the other models just the size and weighs very little. Large viewing area for a 8"" tablet HD"	20in Monitor
Works great for anything from games to movies, nice big screen to enjoy anything you are doing with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Best gift for Beginers. Less Price and enough speed and memory. Kids like it a lot.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
works great for the price.but it shoves amazon stuff down your hroat like the fire tv.and is linked to your amazon 1 click buy if you haveit set up that way.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was a ook user and have been converted to kindle. The size is great and it is very responsive. Got one for me and one as a gift.	Wired Headphones
I expect my tablet to be a workhorse. Available to have two or three books open that I'm reading, hanging on to my email and ready with summaries of the news. The new Kindle Fire does it on a larger, brighter page. It is a work horse more than worth the money.. It goes with me might and day. I don't know what I'd without this gem.	20in Monitor
My nephew is 3 years old and this is a great starter tablet. He is gonna be so excited Christmas morning.	ThinkPad Laptop
I replaced my old kindle as it took a power failure hit. The new kindle has been updated and it is easier to download the e-books. I am learning some of the new updates but it appears to be more user friendly than my old one. Customer Service for the Kindle is available 24/7 and they are very helpful. You can get a review about any book before you purchase it. No returning books to the library.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Excellent value for small laptops. Lenovo 11.2"" screens with flash memory & Microsoft Word for 1 year."	Vareebadd Phone
This is a new tab upgrade for me as I have had my previous Kindle for over 7 years and love it.	Wired Headphones
Have been very pleased with all aspects of the Fire HD8. Good performance for the low price.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a gift for my wife. She loves it. She uses it everyday. Holds a great charge.	Wired Headphones
Great little product for the price. Not the best camera, but it doesn't claim to be. .	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice tablet for the price. Just wish it had bluetooth.	ThinkPad Laptop
Can't beat the price on this Fire Tablet HD8! Very good display.	Google Phone
awesome gift and perfect for kids or older adults easy to use	Wired Headphones
I had an older Kindle fire and had to upgrade as it eventually died. I love the convenience of books when I travel, along with any apps I want.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
exactly what I was looking for. My old tablet stopped working so the value of the Amazon Fire at Best Buy was too much to pass up	27in FHD Monitor
Bought as a gift for my daughter. and s he loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was reluctant to replace my previous Kindle Fire because I wasn't sure I would like it as well. I am pleased to say I'm loving it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought Kindle fire for my grandson who is 24. I have one and he thought great can do so much on it. For the price you can't beat it. I use more then computer.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Use it for what it is necessary. That is all I need.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great Tablet for occasional users who want to Watch Movies, Read books, and browse the web.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I already own one but bought another for my sister in law for Christmas.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have really enjoyed it so far. While not perfect by any means it is certainly worth the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works better than what I expected. Able to surf the net and watch movies. The battery life and screen are awesome. Bought this for under 60 bucks and looking to buy more to give as a gift	ThinkPad Laptop
I purchased the Fire Tablet to temporarily replace an iPad and an LG tablet that were destroyed. My 7-year-old won't put it down--he can play all his favorite games, read Kindle books, and watch YouTube videos (as long as he has wi-fi access). It's holding up well. Good price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my wife. She had a Barnes and Noble Nook, this took it's place. She uses the Kindle Fire daily from reading books and playing games to looking up things on the web. She lives it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Amazon fire hd 8 is great. Much faster than the fire 7.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am really enjoying this device, I wanted something to use for entertainment purposes when camping. Something small yet powerful and this works perfect. 5 stars if your a prime member like me that way you can take advantage of the many thing prime has to offer yet still have available almost every other digital services out there. Would and have recommended this product.	Wired Headphones
Tablet had trouble from the begging it kept restarting and rebooting I had to return it.	27in FHD Monitor
if you like the old kindle fire it just like the new one but better, better screen and more space	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm not going to say this is the best tablet out there,but,for my wifes needs,it is perfect. It does everything she wants to do and more.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got it for $60 during black Friday. I also have 7inch fire tablet. For few more bucks this tablet is way better than the 7 inch non HD fire.	27in FHD Monitor
I truly enjoy this product. I have an older one but this is superb in all areas of entertainment.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good tablet. Gave as gift and person enjoys it. Recommend	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought one last year for one cousin and had to continue for another this year. Great buy imo.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
it is small enough to carry in your purse and open up a whole new world while waiting at appointments.	USB-C Charging Cable
Looks pretty solid will update review as soon as gift is opened .	Wired Headphones
We have one for each of my children so I bought this one for my mother. They are amazing tablets especially for the price!	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased mainly to use travelling so haven't really had the opportunity to give it a fair road test at this point. It was advertised as capable of downloading movies and books so you can watch/read while travelling without burning through your data or being hit with data roaming fees or having to purchase wifi during flights.	Flatscreen TV
Got these on black Friday for early Christmas gifts. Very good buy on a pretty good tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Gift for my mom and she had no problem learning to use.	20in Monitor
The best tablet for the price! All three of my children have one & they are worth it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased as a gift for my nephew He's was very happy with this item no complaints	Wired Headphones
"Works better than the 7"" Amazon Fire tablet I have. Better screen, faster processor and bigger to boot."	27in FHD Monitor
I bought one for my boyfriend and one for his son. It's fast and easy to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a gift and they love it! Its compact, they can surf the web, play games check emails etc	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This my 2nd Kindle. I am so happy with it. The price was right and I could not resist buying another.	ThinkPad Laptop
I like it a lot, it works well for everything I need. I would like a bigger selection of apps.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for someone as a gift. They are big on amazon kindle so this was a huge plus with other features and amazon store improving. They love it.I know other tablets have kindle apps but this was an awesome price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
BOUGHT MINE ON BLACK FRIDAY AND IT IS AWESOME. MY FIRST TABLET AND IT IS GREAT WITH ALL OF THE AMAZON FEATURES.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
my kids have this. it works okay for things like youtube or netflix. Apps take longer to load and many games that you can get for the iPad aren't available on the Fire Tablet. Still say go with Mac.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So easy to use and can do so much more than just read on it	Lightning Charging Cable
"I received this as a gift after my original Kindle Fire started giving me trouble after 4 1/2 years and wouldn't hold a charge. This new Kindle Fire 8 is fantastic! The larger size makes it easier to read. The ""buttons"" are better than the old one. I like that is has more ""perks"", i.e. camera, that my old one didn't have. It's nice to be able to read, play games, browse the internet, or check email or take photos. The battery lasts for days! I definitely recommend this."	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for college student as substitute for text books. Works great!	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. I purchased this one because I heard a lot of good things about it and the price was great on black Friday.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got a great deal on black friday. This is the best affordable tablet for under 100. Was able to get advertisements off from Amazon and installed playstore. Wife bought a cheaper cover for this tablet. Love the Amazon environment. Want to buy another one if they come down in price again!	Apple Airpods Headphones
My two oldest (10 & almost 8) love these tablets and I love the FreeTime subscription from Amazon!	iPhone
My Aunt is 86 and has never used a computer. She does not have internet at her house. But she loves to read and loves to learn and now will be challenged while learning to use her new Kindle.	Flatscreen TV
If you are in the Amazon ecosystem, the Fire HD8 is a great choice for an inexpensive tablet. Very responsive, good screen, and so far the battery life has been great. The only drawback of the Fire is the apps are only available from the Amazon App Store, not the Google Play Store. For example, there is no Gmail application to install. But that's not what I use this for... Kindle reading, Netflix viewing, occasional Facebooking and light web browsing are well suited to this device. Can't beat it for $89.	Lightning Charging Cable
My whole family uses these tablets. We love them and with Prime it is awesome.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like this tablet it's easy to use Easy for the kids	iPhone
It works just right. My husband loves it too. It does well with my kids.	Lightning Charging Cable
Runs Great, very efficient for what we use it for.	Flatscreen TV
Got everything on here and then some!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Wired Headphones
My kids have the older model fire, smaller version. They can spend hours on it. This is bigger, better version with a larger screen size. Each child is getting a different color so they know whose is which.	Wired Headphones
Durable, works great enjoy using it for books and audio books	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I previously owned a Samsung Tab3. As a media device (for reading, viewing, listening, playing), the HD8 is fine, even a step up in screen size, clarity, and ease of navigation. However, the proprietary nature of Amazon's apps basically eliminates (for me) using it for work (e-mail, document & spreadsheet storage/retrieval/editing). Since I didn't buy it for its work capabilities, that's fine, but I think that would be annoying to a specific segment of potential users. At some point I will probably spring for a more-expensive updated Samsung tablet (or Windows Surface, if I'm feeling reckless), and the HD8 will probably be passed on to my 9-year-old.	Lightning Charging Cable
I am so impressed with this tablet. My seven year old loves its app, gaming and e-reader functions.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use reading device. Looking forward to watching movies on it. Great value	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My girl loved it, she loves that its linked to echo	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's was good for handling light weight and comfortable in hand. Good audio clarity, video everything is good. But only few supportable apps. Need more apps which we use generally.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great alternative to iPad Mini. Great for Amazon Prime members	Wired Headphones
I had gotten this primarily to watch movies and run some basic internet programs. I have been very pleased to date with the speed of the processor and picture quality.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Just what my grandson wanted. Perfect price, can't wait until he opens it	USB-C Charging Cable
Has worked out well. Very user friendly. Would buy again. Great price as well.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for the money! Thought to beat the screen resolution	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My Kindle Fire HD meets my reading and web needs!!	20in Monitor
This is a great device for my sons games since he was always using my iphone.	iPhone
Lots of good features for the Amazon member. Tablet is nice and fast.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for under $100. HD quality and it works just as good as any tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought two for my grandkids, a 10 year old boy. He does a lot of AR reading on this kindle fire tablet for school. As well as play games. He loves it and his parents are pleased with his eagerness to read.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tablet work great, good battery life. Just not a lot storage, but has micro SD card slot.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Was told by sales person I could come back in a week with receipt to get $30 off (Black Friday price). Customer service lady said they don't do that. I was misled. Item itself is okay.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great Kindle, my wife had the originally one and this one is better in every way.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this tablet on thanksgiving day when I was already in the store buying a new cell phone. It was on sale $59. I am very pleased with my purchase. I am already an Amazon prime member so it links up to my account. I am very happy with my purchase and recommended to my brother who bought the same day I did:)	USB-C Charging Cable
I really like the Fire 8 tablet but there are some issues to be aware of. Amazon seems to subsidize the low cost of the item by requiring you to be solicited by ads and and use their apps. Every time you activate it, the screen display is a full size ad that goes away when you swipe the screen. There is no Google Play so you can only download apps chosen by Amazon at their Appstore. Otherwise, pretty cool for the money.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my birthday and I love it. I love the resolution, size and blue light setting. I am now thinking on buying one for my four year old nephew as a Christmas present, I only need to buy a sleeve.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great gift for my 6 year old nephew. He will enjoy it for hours.	Google Phone
Clear screen, color and size, grandson loves to play games on it and I like to have it with me to view emails during commercials while watching tv.	Flatscreen TV
I need a table that had more memory to start with. This fit the bill. I had a kindle before but mine did not have a camera like this one . This make it easier to capture picture instead of having to stop and use my phone.	Lightning Charging Cable
Pros: 5 Ghz wifi, supports expansion cardsCons: app store a little limited though there is apparently a workaround Other: the ads fed from Amazon are not terribly intrusiveOverall, the tablet seems to work well and is a good value,	USB-C Charging Cable
This item is perfect for online reading and internet browsing. The only con is that Amazon doesn't have some of the apps that Google Play has.	Wired Headphones
The camera is not very sharp , and you can not download another one .	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought for my mom, shes in love with it. Use for netflix myself love the 8' great size and cpu speed.	20in Monitor
Love my new kindle bought it to replace a 7 inch and I love it.	Wired Headphones
Love my Kindle. It has taken over the place of my laptop completely with all other added benefits.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is our 5th kindle. We love these. They are easy to use and the screen is a nice size. They are lightweight and great for reading.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great even in OK network areas. Long battery life and easy to use. Would definitely recommend to a friend.	20in Monitor
I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas. I own one as well and I love it.	Vareebadd Phone
First time with a tablet, wanted one for years just to watch Netflix and basic games. Very happy, the screen looks great and the speaker is loud. So far, so good!	ThinkPad Laptop
Great HD features. Makes it easy to travel with and be on the go and see all your shows.	iPhone
i like the tablet only thing is im not a fan of the amazon app store. wish it had google play.	Lightning Charging Cable
I know my granddaughter will love it. She has an older one that was given to her	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the most part I like the tablet. Got it for my mother. The con is you have to use Amazon for apps.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The amazon fire HD is great choice for a beginner or not so tech savy person!	Flatscreen TV
I like the low light mode the extra memory and a great price compared to the others	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This fits perfect in my purse and love how clear the screen is. The price was amazing, didn't find it anywhere else close the the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet but as usual with these items no instructions on how to get started	USB-C Charging Cable
It's very good product and I recommended this to buy it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Best bang for your buck............................	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent pick up during the Black Friday Sales. Not too big not to small. This tablet bundled up with Amazon Prime service is a great combo of inexpensive entertainment.	Wired Headphones
I had a very small nano and needed to have more space for songs that are just coming out and so far I love it. Didn't really need the bigger one because I have a phone that will do most of those things.	Wired Headphones
Works very well for light tablet use and great for reading.	ThinkPad Laptop
Fire 8 HD 2016 is great. Very easy to maneuver. Easy to use and transition from original Kindle Fire. Much more versatile than the original. Really glad I upgraded.	Lightning Charging Cable
Ok tablet from amazon, added Google play to device for more apps. Google how to do this.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this item for my nephew and he loves it. I have the old version of the fire hd and I love it as well. It's way cheaper than buying an apple tablet. We haven't had any problems with it. Well worth your money	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my daughter and she can't put it down. Great for nextflix	20in Monitor
I had a kindle for about 4 years, I've been wanting a fire hd for sometimes, because of all the features. I can honestly say that I love my fire hd.	Wired Headphones
still playing with it, figuring out what I can & can't do. I love the tangerine color I got. One thing for sure, some apps I have on my phone like redbox & instagram they are not in the amazon app store so I can't put them on the tablet. Wish I could.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Working great as a first tablet for my grandson. He loves it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"Very fast tablet. Large screen but can held by 1 hand. Great for movies and videos, as well as candy crush and other resource hogging apps. It starts CC way faster than my LG G3 phone. The display is very clear and crisp. The amazon android modified OS is good once you get used to it. I have one screen containing all apps, and you can put these in groups too. so 1 screen is all you will need. then you have the other panels for Amazon mandated stuff like Prime movies, music, pictures. It's pretty cool compared to my previous Acer 8"" tablet with reg Android. Could not easily install Chrome, but I'm getting use to the SILK browser and it will work very well for my needs. Great Tablet and highly recommended."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Definitely an amazing deal at an amazing price on Black Friday weekend	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazing product from Amazon within budget and get the best outcome of it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It was by far the best deal out there for the money very happy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I purchased the Kindle Fire 8"" after owning a 7"" for several years. I love the bigger screen and added features in this version."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my daughter. It is inexpensive and user friendly. I use it all the time while she's at school.	Flatscreen TV
Easy to use and elegant in design. Perfect Gift for Kids.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Just decent tablet... working fast, but it needs more language support and apps as well...	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought the fire 7 inch last year and this one is better.	Wired Headphones
My wife and kids love it. Easy to use. Great for the price.	Wired Headphones
Good product I would recommend it to everyone thank you	Wired Headphones
Thought this would be a great gift for the kids and the price was right	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this on Black Friday for 60 bucks and wasn't expecting too much at that price point. This isn't as good as a iPad but at that price it's pretty close and worth every penny.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for a Christmas gift. Have heard good things about them and it was a recommended buy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is awesome with low price and high quality. My daughters like it very much.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Had just the fire like HD better. More movies and better quality.	iPhone
still learning, previously used a nexus7. Like the larger screen. Reading kindle books on it is good too.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for our 6 year old. Great parental controls allow you to keep track and monitor use. Would recommend for others to get for their children	27in FHD Monitor
The product was on sale for Black Friday. Serves its purpose. Quality is good and I use it with my Chromecast.	Wired Headphones
Makes a great gift. My children love them and never put them down.	Google Phone
excellent tablet for this price is wonderfull and great performance	Lightning Charging Cable
Had to buy a new kindle because on my fire hd 7 the battery quit holding a charge. Was told there was nothing you could do.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's easy to use. I can check my email, play games from AppStore, headlines news, amazon deals & offers. Very reasonable price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for my grandson. It works great and is used mainly for reading and games. Easy to setup with no problems to register and get online.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet! love my ipad , too, but this is much lighter weight and easier to slip in my purse. I went for a 32g but there were none in stock, so I got the 16 and a memory card that I will probably never need!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love it fast , pictures look fab. love the battery life	USB-C Charging Cable
fast, easy to use, very sensitive, google play store captable, I will buy again	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the cost, does all the basic functions great. These are email, web surfing, and social media. If you belong to Amazon Prime then it's even better since this thing makes it easy to take advantage of the extra content you can access. Movies, TV Shows, music, books. A lot of this is free for Prime Members. Good idea and business move for Amazon as it encourages Amazon content and purchases. The tablet itself is pretty good, smaller and more narrow than an iPad. Easy to hold in one hand, screen is nice for video, reading, web surfing and email. If the iPad is setting the bar and is a 10, I would give this an 7-8. The weakest thing is the camera, it adequate but you smart phone is better. A feature it has that the iPad lacks is the ability to add an Micro SD Card for extra space. It is also much cheaper than an iPad.	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this for my 7 year old when her Samsung tablet stopped charging. I love the design. Only problem so far is that it randomly freezes and sometimes the volume button won't respond. Other than that, great for the price.	Google Phone
Fire tablets never disappoints! Great price, used my certificate points which helpedAlways best price at best but	Apple Airpods Headphones
Most of the Kindles I have purchased have been gifts, but this one was for me. It is just what I expected from the reviews. Great tablet for the money.	Google Phone
very good product in its price range affordable and very good	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet works fine. But speakers are not that great If you want a good cheap tablet that works this is it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price guy cannot beat it great for watching videos or streaming television.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love the light weight for the size! Fun tablet!!!	Wired Headphones
"I really wanted to give this device a chance but I did end up returning it. It's a HUGE upgrade though over the cheaper 7"" version. Honestly I don't think anyone should purchase that. If your budget can handle getting this version and you are heavily invested in the Amazon ecosystem (i.e. Prime member) this will make a great tablet. I think it is intended more for kids though than adults. Having iPads in the house we tried this with our toddler as a cheaper tablet for her but the interface and quirks of the Amazon OS just were not worth the hassle. Will end up seeking out a used iPad Mini 2 instead of this."	Wired Headphones
Inexpensive tablet. Funtional and great for reading. It has the blue screen that make it great for reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great graphics for price compared to other brands.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my nephew for Christmas. I know he will enjoy it. After I read the reviews there are a variety of things he can do on it for a 13 year old.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Purchased this for my nephew for Christmas. After reading reviews, I think this will be a good device for reading books and listening to music.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Upgraded from a6"" inch Fire HD. For 89.00 I don't think you can find a better tablet value. Resolution is very sharp, audio is good, and it is a good size."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My first tablet and it is just perfect for a beginner like me. Easy to use and just the right size. I use it when I just need to check something quickly on the internet without having to turn on my desk top computer. Very fast.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
great tablet for a great price and size. Would highly recommend !	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great over all Tablet! Good build quality, but cheap enough for the kids to use / loose. Really a plus for travel. Install VLC media player from the amazon app store, and then you have unlimited movie options for up to12 hours. Add some head phones and that 6 hour trip to Disneyland, well it's so much more tranquil for the adults.	Vareebadd Phone
The screen is a good size (portable but large enough to read) and has excellent resolution and color quality, the wireless connection is good and the user interface is relatively clear and easy to learn.	Wired Headphones
Bought two of these for my grandson and grand daughter and they love them. I like the parental controls and the apps.	Google Phone
Perfect device for my kids. Easy to use with lots of features.	Wired Headphones
We had a few other tablets for my wife and all were very poor. We returned two and landed on this one, she has LOVED it, so much more than the others in this price range.	LG Washing Machine
I have had two previous kindles since they where first available. I really like all the new upgrades. The screen is very crisp and clean. The color is great. Much easier to look for books.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is great! Nice display, and you get the amazon eco-system. Now you can also download google play easily, so you have the best of both worlds.	27in FHD Monitor
I was unsure about getting a tablet but after purchasing the Amazon Fire I was convinced that I had made the right choice and have been very happy ever since. I was concerned that I had a lot to learn but it came quickly to me and I really like the screen size. It was a great buy!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the low price it is very speedy and has sufficient storage space.While it doesn't have Google play, the Amazon app store has most of the same apps or a workable alternatve.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We are really pleased with this tablet. The color is great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
At this price point it is very good. But having being used ipad the display doesnt look sharp. Amazon app store lacks content. Overall good for my 9 yr old.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet!!! I absolutely would recommend it to a friend!! I would buy it again!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet works good.. good price point .. would buy again	Apple Airpods Headphones
I enjoy readi,g and Facebook using this item. I also purchased my husband one.	Google Phone
"I love my fire! Does all that I need it to and more!!!! However only four stars because I can't get rid of the ads on my lock screen unless I pay $15. it does have a lot of glare but I don't mind the glare too much! Speed is great lots of storage!;"	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This table is great for social media like facebook, check emails, watch YouTube , and in general good enough for the price!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It works great for all my needs to check my emails	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
A little more space on outer edges would be great. I only use it for gaming and have had 1 real problem. At times it kicks me out of the game (popular game from EW) Otherwise great for what I do. Needs more security. But overall good purchase for less than 100$.	Flatscreen TV
For the price you really can't beat this tablet. The picture looks good, amazon has a great game, movie and music catalog. So if your looks big for something just to view movies on, play games or surf the web get this one because for the price it can't be beat!	Wired Headphones
Brought it for my son & Does EXACTLY what i want it to do.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Bought this as a replacement for the 7"", faster and better display.... Best upgrade"	Lightning Charging Cable
I wanted something bigger than my phone for reading. I was looking at the kindle fire, and the regular kindle e-readers. I liked the paperwhite and voyager, but they didn't have the ability to play audiobooks. I decided to go with the fire because even though it will be mostly used for reading, I can do many other things with it for a cheaper price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
love it i got it for my kids its more durable than a apple table	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love the product. I'm very happy but I would like even more if the page number was displayed when reading books on this tablet, in case I wanted to refer back to a certain page.	iPhone
upgraded my 3 year old kindle- same old. doesnt seem that great of a difference. the graphical interface still sucks but its decent for reading.	Google Phone
I have been a Kindle Fire user for years. This new one is amazing. I like being able to store information on a SD card.	Wired Headphones
"We like the battery endurance. The new 8"" screen is great too."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am very happy with this tablet. It's a good size for me and easy to read and use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The wifi would drop often to where I could not listen to Spotify or other services without buffering.	20in Monitor
I was contemplating to buy either the insignia 10.1 or the Fire Hd8, I'm so glad I chose the latter. It is so fast and sufficient for my needs. I also downloaded Google play on the tablet even making this a better purchase. For $59, you can't go wrong with this purchase.	27in FHD Monitor
Its cheap, but the you will notice the low screen resolution compared to iPad. App is somewhat limited unless you side load it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Went in to look at the 10' Kindle Fire and couldn't resist the price on this one. There wasn't a big enough size difference to justify spending more than 200.00 for the 10 inch. This has been a great device so far. Battery life, ease of use, etc	USB-C Charging Cable
I had to return my device due to WIFI signal dropping, maybe I just had a bad unit.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I'm disappointed that it doesn't have a mirror display mode.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for my dad as a birthday present. I opened it and set it up for him and it works great. It's fast enough for an Internet browser, and possibly a student.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have been wanting to purchase a tablet for light web browsing, reading, and to watch videos, something easier to carry than my laptop. This tablet is fast & the videos stream in great (as long as you have good Wi-Fi connection). Easy access to Amazon too.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"First, I would like to say I own iPads, iPhone, and many things Apple. Second, I also own many android devices. The main reason for this tablet was to take advantage of the lending library that comes Amazon prime. Over all I would purchase this over an iPad mini any day just for the value alone. At first I thought the display wouldn't be up to snuff compared to my iPad, but for movies and reading, it was good enough that it doesn't take away from the experience. However, there are a few annoying ""features"" that are on but can and should be turned off. The ""on-deck"" is a great feature, but I would have liked to have known it was downloading tons of movies in the background, eating up space and bandwidth. A better function would have been to let us choose what to download, instead of getting movies Willynilly. Be sure to turn this off when you get your tablet or it will run slow, and you'll be thinking the tablet is slow. Ok on to kindle for reading. Unfortunately, reading isn't as great as I thought it would be because it doesn't allow scrolling. Works on kindle devices but not on kindle fire devices. If you don't mind flipping the page, then you won't have a problem, but for me, can read much faster by scrolling. One last point, most of the apps aren't as polished under the ""Amazon Store"" as in the Google play store. I know this because I have an Nexus phone and compared them. For example, the Hue app doesn't even work from Amazon Store. Anyway, this point shouldn't deter you from buying it cause there are solutions."	iPhone
Bought this for my father who would have trouble using a computer. He's picking up on it very quickly. It keeps him entertained. Good reliable device.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
it would be nice to have full app library, but it does what you need	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet for kids and adults alike.!	Wired Headphones
Got this for my 3 year old and 7 year old and they love it. I have education apps and books that reads to them or they can read along. I would recommend getting a case for it if it's for the little ones just to keep it protected.	27in FHD Monitor
impulse purchase but a good one. good fit with amazon account that we already had. nice screen, easy to navigate	USB-C Charging Cable
This gift was for my mother in law. Initially I had to help her set it up, but she loves it and can now program it all by herself. Recommeneded!	USB-C Charging Cable
For its price, this a great little tablet. It does have limitations on what it can do and what apps are available for use with it which is the only reason I gave it 4 rather than 5 stars. Hopefully Amazon will allow it to perform better soon.	Wired Headphones
This suited my exact needs which was a mobile way of watching netflix.	ThinkPad Laptop
I thoroughly enjoy this table! Easy to operate, plenty of memory, and I can use it for anything that I typically use a computer for.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great for airline flights, viewing offline amazon or Netflix shows and reading books. Video quality fine for personal viewing.	Wired Headphones
It has been one of the best purchases ever. It is very simple to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my first android tablet. It works pretty good though don't expect it to work like an iPad. The ads are extremely annoying, but that's not Best Buy's fault.	USB-C Charging Cable
For me this tablet is an extremely good value! iPads are beautiful things, and they seem to just work really well all the time. But they are expensive! Same thing with Android tablets. You can get a cheap Android tablet, but then you're left with a cheap tablet...poor quality displays, questionable hardware, limited support. I think Amazon hit the spot with their line of Fire Tablets - this HD8 in particular. It's good quality, has a great display, it's quick and snappy, has great battery life. Also being an Android based operating system, there is flexibility like accessing storage, side loading third party apps, even installing Google Play (for those who begrudge the lack of that feature, it can be done). Much more flexibility than you get with an Apple product, at a much lower price than the industry standard Samsung etc. Coming from using Apple products for so long, this thing is really convincing me that there are really viable options other than Apple, and especially for the price, its a great introduction to a different platform. Not only that, it's genuinely a good product!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The tablet works great so far. The parent features are nice also.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
suggested by the sales associate I'm glad I took his suggestion	USB-C Charging Cable
I gave this Amazon Fire HD8 as a retirement gift for my friend and she absolutely loves it!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought it for my daughter and she loves it great product at a great price!	Google Phone
Easy, fast and efficient.great lil tablet in this price range for anyone.	Wired Headphones
Purchased the Amazon Fide HD8 as a gift for my dad, who has been overjoyed with it. The display looks great and it offers him access to many of the features he looks for in a tablet, from e-books, streaming video or online shopping. The price is low because Amazon's OS is restrictive, but for simple or specific needs, this product is great.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my wife. She uses it daily to read She really lokes it.	USB-C Charging Cable
great tablet for kids, and for the price a great value.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for the price. I have one that I purchased a few years ago and use it much more than my laptop. Recently purchased two more for gifts.	Lightning Charging Cable
Does the job when I travel and I would recommend to a friend	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my fifth Kindle and with each new one I have a new feature to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like my tablet. Been doing a lot more reading than normal with it. Only disspoinment is that my TV has automatic Chromecast and you cannot cast to it on my Toshiba TV. Works on others. TVs. I like it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Perfect tablet for my 8 year old without spending a fortune. I love how it has parental controls so I can limit his time playing.	Google Phone
Used for reading and surfing the web, this tablet is great for all. Great screen clarity.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased the tablet because it was a very reasonable price. It has ended up being a good tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my mom because she is too scared to even use her laptop. I thought this looked more user friendly since she knows my 5 year old nephew can use an iPad.	Wired Headphones
I purchased several of these tablets during the holidays as gifts. Everyone absolutely loves the FireHD8, especially those with the prime memberships. My only regret is not purchasing one for myself.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for husband for Christmas. He loves it. It fits his needs perfectly. I would recommend this product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product. Device performed as described. Great reviews.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's easy to use and my son likes to play on it alot	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 86 year old father. he loves it. finds it very easy to use	34in Ultrawide Monitor
perfect gift perfect price for my wife to bring her into the technilogical modern world we live in	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Enjoying the kindle reading watching movies playing games	Vareebadd Phone
Convenient and easy for my 10 year old to use to do homework on.	Wired Headphones
We like it!! Would buy again.Still learning about it's features. Good value	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought it for my 89 year old mom. She has enjoyed reading on it. Easy to use	Lightning Charging Cable
I needed to upgrade from the orginal Kindle fire and this Fire works great. Videos,games, email and battery life all are great.	Google Phone
Works as expected. I enjoy reading newspaper articles, books, as well as banking apps and social media tools.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this tablet. I had a nook, the fire has more memory, bigger screen and lower price. The downside? The Amazon Fire is so ridiculously proprietary that I cannot watch any of my movies on it from my nook. This is becoming industry standard. Too bad.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I installed a driver for google play store; also I payed amazon to get rid of the lock screen ads ($15). It was worth it. I use this thing alot."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, great battery life, plenty of space and amazing screen quality.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent product. The screen is very easy to read and can access movies, books, and ,more. Was given as a gift to my mother and she loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet was great. I bought it for my sister on christmas and she loves it. It is great for surfing the web and watching videos.	Flatscreen TV
The sound and screen quality are great and I like the blue light cutoff feature.I found that toggling back & forth online to be clumsy compared to a tablet.It is lightweight and easier to handle for long periods of time.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The tablet is good for games like solitaire or other app games, and of course for books. But for internet or other applications, it would not be the top choice. Good buy for the money.	Google Phone
My wife reads a ton, she uses it everyday. She's owned others and this is by far the best.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is hands down the best investment I've ever made. I used to carry a laptop to meetings, then my kids talked me into getting a tablet and what a difference. As long as there is wifi it does everything my laptop will.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Hoping for an updated hdx kindle, but settled for this. Enjoy the expanded sd slot.	Lightning Charging Cable
very pleased with my amazon tablet. starting with the price ,ease of use, and size.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good cheap tablet. Great for Netflix and YouTube. Screen is a decent size just bigger than a phone and smaller than a laptop. It's also HD which is a plus	Apple Airpods Headphones
We love our tablets waiting recommend it to my friends	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased to replace the one I bought for my brother in August (physical damage). This time, bought the extended warranty. No issues or claims so far!	USB-C Charging Cable
I think the amazon fire offer should include a stand/cover as standard. I enjoy mine a lot more since I was forced to purchase a stand/cover which holds the tablet. Would have preferred an instruction sheet to grt everything set up for use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to access the apps, but not always easy to quit. The device works good, but since it's the apps that make it what it is, more attention should be given to their operation. I was disappointed that it did not come with even a basic user's guide.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We are a total Apple family so I was a little hesitant to purchase this when our iPad stopped working. So glad we did because it's perfect and can't beat it for the price!	USB-C Charging Cable
Love using my new tablet (Amazon Fire). Easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great buy! Good value value for the money & easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my dad food Christmas and he loves it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a great option for a first tablet. It's lightweight and user friendly.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is just an awesome tablet for the price and the features it has	Apple Airpods Headphones
This little thing does everything and does it quickly. It could use a case, so think about getting one, but as an eReader it does everything it is supposed to.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I so happy I can recommend this good thanks Best Buy is the number one	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I think I downloaded 6 new apps. I wait to surf the web. This thing is so slow to respond. My old refurbished iPad is better. I really only bought it to stream Hulu and Netflix. I'm not excited about lighting up the home screen to find advertisements every day, but I guess you get what you pay for. I wanted inexpensive, I got it! Don't buy this if you are used to using quick responding electronics.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My 10 year old uses it at school to scan qr codes and do his online math.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Santa got this for my 7year old. Work's great . He plays, games, gets on hulu, and can play his school education learning games. Now he doesn't bother me to use my electronic devices .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have always been an iPad user but I love the kindle fire 8. It has everything you need and more and so much less expensive.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Battery lasts a long time but I actually like my old Fire more.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We got this for a young girl who is 9. She loves it and there a lot of Apps that she likes. There are parental controls which is a plus, recommend for almost any age group.	Wired Headphones
I got everything I need for personal use. A great value for a cheap price.	Wired Headphones
This was a perfect gift for my friend. Obsessed with reading and has been perfect for starting a greater library of books... Very easy to use and extremely affordable. Very happy with this purchase, and will buy more for family and friends!	iPhone
I love it for reading magazines and checking my email.	ThinkPad Laptop
This tablet is sturdy and great for my kids with games and learning.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my kindle fire it holds a library of books that I can read anywhere. I change from my kindle fire to my phone if I don't have the kindle with me. So I can start right where I am in the book and then finish up on my kindle fire when I can. I play games and listen to books all on this device. Love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's good for doing a number of basic tasks. The Amazon Underground feature is really cool. It feels like an Android but more limited.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading e-mail, pictures or viewing internet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great item, I can say it feel just like working with an iPad. Picture, sound, size and touch are very sweet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this is a great tablet for under $100 and you can add kodi on it, to me thats the best feature and the duel sided camera	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this as a gift for my Mom who reads a ton. She loves it for reading and great portability. Great tablet for the price.	
Great for media consumption. Screen seems sharp enough unless you get unbearably close to it. Wifi connectivity is good. Speakers sound poor but I didn't expect any better from an 80$ tablet. Have had this tablet since November and is still going strong. Only complaint is the slow charging. but it isn't too bad.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a nice compact size, and is very user friendly!	Flatscreen TV
.Great resolution. Camera quality not so good tho. Gave it one less star for the camera. But overall its a great tablet	Wired Headphones
I love it a lot and use it daily, bought books....	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got theses tablets for my grandkids for Christmas, they love them.	Lightning Charging Cable
My granddaughter loves her tablet. She has learned how to play both educational and recreational games. Will be very helpful in the future.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the price easy set up and app and data transferring from the original Fire.	USB-C Charging Cable
My 5 yr old loves it, however we do experience some sound issues from time to time.	Flatscreen TV
This was purchased for my 9 year-old to play games, watch movies, and read on. When we set it up, I was extremely impressed with the quality that we got for the price! It's processor is fast enough so that his games run smoothly. Setup was a breeze, and it's very sturdy. This is a great lower price tablet for anyone looking to own a nice tablet for an extremely affordable price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased for 4 yr old granddaughter who primarily uses for Netflix. Works great!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
the fire tablet is a nice size and is easy to use it is better then the 7in fire	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Not much to say here. Cheap, fast and very functional. I was able to install google play store and everything works perfectly. Best tablet in its category. If you want something better, you better be ready to pay 3-4 times the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet exceeded my expectations. Strong processor, nice screen. Wish it had Bluetooth and was not so centered around Amazon prime.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great item. My teen lives it. This item offers more than just reading.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet was college student. Replace a bulky laptop. Good for taking notes, reading text books and regular books. Loud alarm to wake college student for early classes. All a round got tool for school.	Lightning Charging Cable
its very easy to set up and use. love to take it with me . screen its large enough to read easy on it	USB-C Charging Cable
"my 7"" wore out,my 8"" is much better,allthough the covers are expensive and screen protectors are hard to find. the battery life is exceptional !"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was looking for a tablet with expandable memory that was reliable. Amazon Tablet was the best choice	Macbook Pro Laptop
Very easy to use. Size is just right --not cumbersome at all.	20in Monitor
Cannot beat the value and features that this product offers for the low price point.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The Amazon-Fire is an inexpensive WiFi device we use for answering messages and is quickly shifted from person to person as well as moved from room to room.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet absolutely surprised me. The screen is awesome and the battery life is great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I love the Fire HD. Went back and bought the Fire 7"" for my wife that afternoon!"	Apple Airpods Headphones
I've had multiple Amazon Fire tablets. They are a great bargain. I love the ease of use and functionality. The only downfall is that it is really slow to charge.	Wired Headphones
This was an awesome tablet purchased for my seven year old daughter for Christmas. Initially, I was looking to purchase the iPad mini but unfortunately they were sold out. This was my alternative and I am so glad I did. The price was perfect and the internet and app access have been great! She loves it! The only thing she misses is the FaceTime but it has not been a big deal at all!	USB-C Charging Cable
Gecksqd. Helpful in understanding different things .	27in FHD Monitor
Upgrade from old Kindle Reader whose charger quit working android system easy to use	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really like the value of this Fre. It is thin, light, and has all the features of those higher priced tablets. A good camera lens....and access to amazon deals make this well worth $69. Try it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my mom. Decent tablet not heavy and good pirce. She loves it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great tablet - lag free when running apps... Good battery life. Only downside is lack of ability to screen mirror. Was available on older versions but no longer	Apple Airpods Headphones
My father upgraded from the original Kindle Fire to this model, and he's very happy with it. It doesn't compete with more mainstream tablets, but he likes the Kindle's system for downloading library books.	Lightning Charging Cable
Gave as Gift. the recipient powered down his IPad, and is giving it away.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my wife, this is her third Amazon Fire tablet. She mostly uses it for reading but she really likes the speed and the additional features on this one. She's very happy with it	Lightning Charging Cable
Very bright display, speedy processor, and solid feel. Impressed.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter and she has loved every minute of it. It is intuitive, easy to use and she has it in her hands several times every day for everything from research for school to reading a book. Paw Paw hit a homer with this one!	Wired Headphones
It was great product. the price which I got it was great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
There's different things my daughter can do,on it, plus I can read on it as well.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's easy and intuitive. The only criticism is that it should be easier to go right into an application, instead of watching an advertisement, then having to figure out how to exit it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Our first tablet. Purchased for my husband prior to a long train trip. Downloaded movies had Internet and was great for traveling.	Flatscreen TV
Works flawlessly. Good contender to my brother's iPad. Much cheaper in price. Win for me.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this for my mom for Christmas and she loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
The amazon kindle is nice, portable and very easy to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 8 year old. I was a big hit. I love the 8"" screen. The price was perfect for my budget."	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price for the internal memory size. If you are looking for a good tablet, this is it!	ThinkPad Laptop
"I bought this for my 8 year old. I was a great buy. The price was affordable compared to other tablets on the market and e 8"" screen is perfect. Another great buy!!!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have an original Kindle Fire and am really enjoying my new updated version. Larger screen and very easy to navigate.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was given a fire when I was recuperating from spine surgery a few years ago. I used it for everything for quite some time. This one has a camera and plays all the latest files. I still have and use the old one as well. An excellent content delivery system. I got it with Best Buy customer appreciation money...what a deal!	27in FHD Monitor
We purchased this as a gift. Researching and word of mouth led us to purchase this one. Very user friendly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The UI experience is great, especially for Prime members. The tablet is quick and responsive with plenty of memory to ha for any task.	Apple Airpods Headphones
bought this for my elderly mother to play games, get email and pics via Instagram, etc. now she's a geek! easy to use, even for a novice and very reasonably priced. Great buy, highly recommend this.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend. She absolutely loves it and uses it every day. She's very picky about electronics and she loves her tablet so it must be good!	Apple Airpods Headphones
It was a gift. The individual thoroughly enjoys it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
the kindle is a great tool especially for the money. Fast processing, great screen clarity. Highly recommended	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my third Kindle (second Fire). I use it constantly primarily for reading electronic books. Currently have over 350 books in Kindle library. Like it best when traveling as I don't have to carry a bunch of hardback books with me. Anywhere I go where I know there will be a waiting line (haircut, doctor's or dentist's office) I have it with me and use it productively to read..	Lightning Charging Cable
The Fire HD is a nice tablet that functions well but doesn't meet the shear horsepower and feel of an iPad....but, at about 1/4 the cost, it fits the bill pretty well.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great price. Easy start up easy to use.. large memory Great product	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love that I can read all my books on here and search the internet!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Being able to sign in and not have to do any setting up makes this device super user friendly!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the tablets. Light, Good battery life, and fast performance.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was a fast deliver, the tablets is awsomo and it's a great service	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My 15 year old is curious about adult material. But with this tablet you can control so much of the content he sees. You can even control how much he learns before watching videos and games.	ThinkPad Laptop
The Kindle/Amazon Fire HD Tablet is not a high priced item but it is everything I want from a tablet. Easy to use, easy to read and easy to pay for. A great tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
Best tablet hands down. Bigger screen and great new features. Has Alexis also. Lots of storage as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet. The size fits perfectly in one hand. The display is wonderful and the loaded apps have me reading again. It is the absolute best!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Small and compact, surprisingly good image and sound.	20in Monitor
"Having family members who lose cables all the time, this is a great deal. Reliable cable for the iphone at an affordable price. Plus the various cable colors allow me to assign colors for a person or charging station so we know when someone ""barrows"" a cable."	USB-C Charging Cable
I am satisfied with my products. I look weekly for a good deal. I look forward to more deals	Wired Headphones
With a little tweaking you can install Playstore without rooting. It's a great tablet, excellent color, fast, and battery lasts a very long time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this table for my 4 and 9 year old for Christmas. They love them!	USB-C Charging Cable
It is a reliable easy to use tablet. Holds charge well and provides for my needs.	20in Monitor
I bought this for my girlfriend as a Christmas Present. She is a avid reader and has been using our ipad to read online library books. She asked me for a nook reader, but after seeing the fire....it was a no brainer to go in that direction. it is used everyday and she loves it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My grandson love this tablet alot of great games and learning activities.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This smokes the Fire 7 which I picked up last year. Powerful and great screen for streaming...cannot go wrong for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my 7 yr old. Quality product at an affordable price. Bought on sale for $69.99.	27in FHD Monitor
I would recommend this anytime as it's a great product it's	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the money the Kindle Fire is the best tablet on the market. I wish I didn't buy my I pad already I would have got one of these for myself.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
this does everything and more the older, more expensive Kindles. I'm not sure I need my ipad or laptop any more.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves it. There are a lot of kid friendly apps available.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for my 83 year old mother to primarily use as an e-reader. It seems as this may be easier for her to see than an actual book. She does not always find new technology easy to use, but seems to be doing ok with this tablet. She also is using it to play solitaire and possibly some other games.	iPhone
I left my 7 on airline flight and bought the 8 to replace love love the speed and the video on it. Glad I bought it is worth it!!!! the download speed has improved very much!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I was surprised on how easy it was to use. I bought it for my mother and she totally loves it, and I do too!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Oh my, oh my, oh my! Amazon can do no wrong! This device is my precious!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for my wife during Christmas and got a great deal on it. Compared to the older version that she has this model is faster, brighter, and more convenient with Alexa. I would recommend this product looking for a tablet with lots of features packed in it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased the device for my neice, she loves it, highly recommend	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Price/Quilty this thing is a no brainer. Awesome portal into the Amazon world.	20in Monitor
My wife uses this for playing on line games. She loves it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I thought about purchasing a Samsung tablet also, however I do like to read as well. I saw several reviews that have a negative view because of the Amazon software and that it is not stock Android.However, I have installed the Play Store (you can find instructions online) and I am very happy with this tablet. I would definitely recommend it. Also I have had 10"" tablets before, and this one is just the right size."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this to update the old one we have and so far it's been a good buy.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great screen resolution and easy to use. Battery life is really good.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was the perfect tablet for my wife for Christmas, she loves it. Easy to navigate and plenty of room for her favorites!	USB-C Charging Cable
Size, brightness, and convenience are good. The option to link with android products for messages is a little hard.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for Christmas and my 10 year old loves it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I need a tablet to begin exploring google and kindle fire was a great choice.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this tablet for my mom who isn't very tech savvy. She loves it. Can't beat the price	Lightning Charging Cable
I am very impressed with this tablet. It is faster than some iPads I have used. I gave this as a gift and my Mother-in-law loves it. Thank you	Wired Headphones
Hands down a great update to my first gen Kindle. Worthwhile!	27in FHD Monitor
Cheaper than the paper white and has more abilities	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this to replace an older model and am very happy with the product. Mostly used for reading but also for surfing the web, facebook, etc. Love it!!	Wired Headphones
Got this as a gift for my mother and she's satisfied	Google Phone
This was a gift for my wife and she loves it!! It is much better than the old one	Wired Headphones
Bought for my daughter instead of an I-pad. Works well, love the Amazon Underground App Store, but battery life doesn't seem to last as long as older I-pads. Easy enough though for a child to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got it on sale and it's good for what you pay for instead of paying a lot of money on an iPad.	Wired Headphones
this electronic book reader is great, able to read ebooks, watch movies, play games. or browse the internet. it lets you hookup to any internet connection you want to use as long as its range	Lightning Charging Cable
Does a good job of performing basic functions and provides a good amount of entertainment. Good for watching movies or playing simple games or performing simple tasks. Looks good. Seems like it is well made and of good quality materials. Have not had any problems. Battery life is great for the price. Amazon sells a quality product.	Wired Headphones
I am happy to get this product and i would also recommend this to my friends	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"Last got Fire 7"" for my kids, with an Amazon Freetime subscription. These are very good for the price with two flaws: The screen is good and much better than other Android devices at 7"" but not great, and got the 8 Mb version with I would not recommend in hindsight. Because Android's sub-par management on SD cards, got these this year. It has a much better screen, not only larger but with better resolution, adequate speakers for its price, it's fast enough and overall more enjoyable to use. 16 Gb is the minimum I'd recommend, even with SD cards because some apps just work better with internal storage, and some apps even stored in SD will still use some amount of internal storage.It also has Alexa voice support.The main reason for these tablets in my case is the Freetime subscription that has unlimited access to thousands of age-appropriate books, hundreds (or thousand) of free apps and heavily curved web access per age presets. Amazon Fire OS has a decent support for multi-user and in particular kids accounts. My kids are 7 and 9. They spend a lot of time on games as expected but also read a good amount of books."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
As far as functionality it works well. I can surf the internet, match movies, check social media, and anything else a tablet is supposed to do. The app store has a good variety off apps. It does not have as many as the iTunes store, but there is plenty of variety. The reason I knock a star off is the constant ads. I know that this is an Amazon product, but the ads get a little annoying.	27in FHD Monitor
I DON'T USE MUCH OF THE APPLICATIONS BUT IT WORKS FOR THINGS I NEED.	20in Monitor
If your looking for a great tablet without the high price this is the tablet for you...	Vareebadd Phone
My wife loves her new Fire 8 tablet. It is easy to use and rubs quickly and smoothly,.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bright screen, lightweight, great price, I love it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
It is a very nice tablet, but the 10 inch tablet seems faster and easier to enjoy for the price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Really wanted a tablet that was near the nexus 7, but didn't have too much bulk! I looked at the Nvidia Shield as well, and ended up settling on the Fire HD. Tremendous resolution, great battery life, and very easy to use. Highly recommend to anyone that wants a portable tablet for reading, watching videos/movies, and gaming.	Flatscreen TV
The first tablet I bought was good at first until it stops charging. I went to best buy to check it and they said that everything is okay. We tried it again at home and it was the same thing, it charged for a few min until probably 2% and will stop. I brought it back to the store and they replace it with a new one. So far I don't have problem with it as well as the other 2 tablets that I bought together with the first tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's alright to browse the Internet and watch videos.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great and has an excellent screen size. You cannot go wrong for the price unless you need to install google apps. Amazon blocks them although I have heard there are work arounds.	Flatscreen TV
Great product, good speed, nice resolution for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have only had this Amazon Fire Hd8 since December 6, 2016 and it has already quit charging.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was easy to set up and use and the screen is big enough to play games on	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Its a nice tablet however it could be better but you get what you pay for	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My grandbabie love their kindles this is the 8th Kindle I buy for them	USB-C Charging Cable
"I bought this for my son as a first tablet. I am impressed by the built-in parental app. It has a good level of control that I feel comfortable with. My son likes his Kindle. I think he will like it more when he gets used to having to get through the ""educational"" features before he can play. I admittedly need to explore the tablet more myself. That will enable me to customize the settings and the apps for him and myself."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
First experience with a tablet for my husband who likes it and uses it all the time. We like it.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this for my niece for a Christmas gift.she is 9 years old and she love it.	Wired Headphones
"My old Kindle was not working so good anymore so bought this one on a Black Friday Deal from Best Buy. Price was great. The only problem I had was that at times it did not seem to be charging well or fast. I took it back to Best Buy and they would have replaced it for me but then would have lost all progress in games I had played. The person at Tech Support suggested that I change the plug in ""brick"". He said that they have had problems with that. I can use the same plug that I use for my iphone and now it charges fine. Glad that it was an easy fix."	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the 8 inch HD tablet. Great colors on screen. Not cheaply built like some.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the best tablet you can get for under $100. I have used or own many tablets including Ipad Pro/Mini, Samsung Galaxy Tab and Nexus. They are popular high-end tablets but easily cost over $300 or $400. I was very surprised by quality of this tablet and it gives you much more than what you pay. Battery performance is great- it easily lasts over 10 hours after charge. Speakers are solid with two drivers. Performance is decent although not as fast/responsive as high-end tablets. I was bit disappointed at its low contrast display. However for its price, I cannot complain too much.	20in Monitor
I purchased two of these tablets as a gift for Christmas. It has an exceptional HD screen which provides rich colors and makes it easy for those that like to read book, articles etc.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
One of the best tablets. Good for watching YouTube and reading as well.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This Kindle is the right size for travel, yet large enough to read. Love all the features and price!	Wired Headphones
Kindle Fire HD8 is great! Love the the size and the graphics. Easy to use and navigate. Perfect gift for mom!	Wired Headphones
The battery life is great.Last on a bus trip to kept he quiet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my wife and she loves it. Great speed and display	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gift for our son and he is really enjoying it. He can read as well as play games.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I use this tablet as an e-reader and to listen to prime music at the same time. Great for this.Still leaning other features.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this mainly to watch tv/movies. Battery life is best of all devices I have used to date.	20in Monitor
Enjoyed the Kindle 7 and now this better version as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this on sale for my son. He and I use the tablet to watch movies, play games, read books, and browse the Internet. It's great for the price we paid. If you're a fan of Amazon, you automatically have apps for their services.The downside is you are not able to use google apps and the adds that appear from Amazon when you turn the device on.	USB-C Charging Cable
Really a nice item ..works wonderfully ..for the cost it's a bargain	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great product for the price! Works great and comes with ample storage.	27in FHD Monitor
My kids really like this and if your buying a tablet for kids it's worth it, but maybe not so great for adults.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
this tablet is excellent i use it on the couch inthe bedroom and in the car too i simplty love it	iPhone
Great resolution, easy to use. Amazon Prime gives you free movies, books, and games!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was a Christmas gift for my dad. It has great resolution and is easy to use. With Amazon prime you get free movies, books, and games. I would highly recommend.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this tablet for our 4 year old to play games and watch Netflix. He loves it and at this price point, we're not overly concerned if he damages it. We bought a nice foam case that keeps it well protected. We're highly satisfied.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very good picture and it even takes pictures which is awwsome. You even get a free month of Amazon prime which came in very handy around Christmas Time	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves this tablet! She plays multiple games and has taken video. Easy to use and the color is very vivid!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Screen size good for older people. Great resolution and easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Seems to work well. Screen quality is good. Like the size.	Flatscreen TV
I had been thinking about getting a reader for a while but did not know which one I wanted. As I looked at and tried several, I thought the Kindal Fire was the one I wanted. After discussing the features of the product with a salesperson, I decided.that it was the reader I wanted. It has turned out to be just what I wanted.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great value for the money. However, the operating system is a bit clunky. Constant notifications and messages to delete. Some can be turned off, other seem to just keep appearing. The reader app surprisingly is less than intuitive.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my son after he broke his iPad, and I am so glad I did!! It has unlimited games and books, which has made such a huge difference in his desire to read!! Love love this tablet!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this during black friday for $60. while I'm skeptical at first, it turns out to be a solid tablet for everyday use. Not to mentioned the great low price!	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the size of this tablet. I have an Ipad and think I prefer this size. It's easy to carry and a great size for reading. Got it for Christmas and am loving it! I haven't tried to take any pictures yet and I didn't really purchase it for taking photos. I saw the reviews before purchasing and they were not good regarding photo quality. Again, that was not my purpose so am not too concerned at this time.	Wired Headphones
The size and price makes this a best buy! I'm very pleased with my tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am thrilled with this purchase! Both affordable and high quality!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I will try again for the 3rd time with my new Amazon Fire. It seems to have nice upgrades.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet works as well or better than my iPad. It is quicker and simpler to use with better speed and reaction.	USB-C Charging Cable
Pros:Great value for moneyEnough power to handle lot of Android gamesDecent battery lifeCons:Feels slow after using for a few weeksLow-resolution screen and camera.	Wired Headphones
This is almost as good as my iPad mini. i love my apple iPad however this is a great backup.	Wired Headphones
Tablet is great does everythimg as it should. Great entry level tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This game seems to be another good addition to the Pokemon craze. My son got this for Christmas and has played it often since. He says that it's ""awesome"", which is high praise indeed."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So much better than my previous kindle, I've used my new kindle daily and I'm not much of a tech person. It is light weight and easy to navigate. The battery holds a good charge as well	27in FHD Monitor
I was looking to purchase a tablet for my kids so they could work on homework. This is just what they need in terms of capability and size. It is a great tablet for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The 8 inch Fire is s great reader, 5 star. The only down side are limited add on applications.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is so easy to set up and use. Very intuitive! Love love this device and all of my books can be transferred from my old version! Awesome	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The reader was easy to setup for a novice reader and email user.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
2nd kindle bought as a gift. Easy to operate, can fit in my purse and eliminates having to carry around multiple traditional books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I gave this to my 6-year old for Christmas and it has been the perfect gift. Great price point (compared to an ipad) that can function for exactly what she needs.	Lightning Charging Cable
Screen is good . Lack of Google play kinda hurts but you will survive. The issue of back buttons or multifunction buttons is that sometime they don't appear when you need them.. as they are part of the screen . So you have to kinda summons them which is a pain	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's a good tablet for the value. Downside is there's no Google Play Store access. So you're limited to apps in the Amazon app store.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my first Android tablet. I have used numerous Apple iPad's though.The only thing I have been dissatisfied with is that there isn't an Instagram app available but that doesn't have anything to do with Amazon or Kindle.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got one for myself and one for my son. Like the parental settings available. No more inappropriate youtube videos. Fast, great screen and appreciate the blue light setting especially at night.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I purchased the HD 8 to use as a viewer for my Pearl RearVision camera, which requires dual band Wi-Fi and Blue tooth. I installed the programs & got everything up and working beautifully. However I was so impressed with its features, performance, and ease of use, that I've added a 128 gb MicroSD card so I can download Amazon videos for my grand kids to watch while we are on the road. The price was terrific as well, but comes with the cost of ""free"" ads when the you turn on the tablet. (FYI the tablet mounts magnetically to the vent holder and is removed when not in use.)"	Lightning Charging Cable
If you are looking for an entry level tablet, this is it.The Kindle fire HD is perfect for kids!	Macbook Pro Laptop
My daughter gets great use with this tablet. She loves to read so she gets best of both worlds. She can get her books and surf the web. Fsntastic buy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent value for my 3 yr old, everything you need plus HD and the wife can order off amazon prime, so happy wife and kid for the price cant beat it, 2nd one I have owned....	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon HD 8 is by far the best budget tablet. If you just need a tablet to browse the web and watch videos this tablet is the way to go! That being said, it is fairly slow but who cares if you do not use the tablet for photo/video editing, gaming, picture taking, etc...	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my mom. She loves the convince of reading her books on there	Apple Airpods Headphones
This product is easy to use and take along with you	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I previously owned the Fire HD 7 and was excited about the HD 8. After getting the HD 8 and using it I started to notice how they were able to cut costs. The screen was not as crisp, the processor was slower and the speakers were not as loud as previous versions. Overall a good buy for the price but if you are expecting the quality that went into previous versions look elsewhere.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for taking on trips. 16 GB, camera, computer	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Fire HD8 is a great buy, very inexpensive but delivers great quality. Give a 4 rating and not 5 because there are advertisements on lock screen. Some may welcome the ads others not. Overall this tablet is great. Battery life is several days with very minimal usage. Battery lasts 7 to 12 hours with average usage including video.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This Fire tablet is overall a good size, and has great features!	Apple Airpods Headphones
We got this for our 9 yr old daughter and its perfect for her. There hasn't been any issue with the games and educational apps she uses.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was in the middle of moving and didnt want to get a new labtop and found this Amazon Fire for a good price. Ive been very happy with it. If your looking for a cheap easy to use tablet look no further.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a very good product my kids do homework on it	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for our 6 year old daughter and she uses it daily. She enjoys watching movies on it and playing learning games. So far it has been very durable and battery life has been great.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought this for my husband at Christmas. He is VERY happy with it and It keeps him out of my hair. Bought one for our young son too. Now i can breathe. LOL. We've had no issues with them and has more than met our expectations. Well worth the money & a VERY good deal!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet, great price for the product makes a good gift for someone.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son wanted a tablet just for his books. We looked at e-readers and tablets, this was so much better and the price was perfect.	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm used to a n iPad so I wasnt impressed with the kindle. I found it hard to navigate	USB-C Charging Cable
the fire hd is great for reading kindle books . Its pretty slow for surfing the web. If your looking for a great kindle this is it. I would not recommend this for surfing the web.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this kindle for my dad for Christmas. He loves it.	Wired Headphones
Best budget tablet out there. Hasn't everything you need for someone who uses a tablet here and there.	Lightning Charging Cable
The only regret I have is that the price went down the week after I purchased it. It is much easier to use than a phone because of it's screen size and it's capabilities.	20in Monitor
"This tablet is replacing an older model and the updates are wonderful. I can handle most media on this tablet and the resolution is great. I like the change of the camera to the back of the kindle instead of the front screen; now I can see what I'm aiming at! Easy to use and can't beat the price."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the kindle and the price was excellent. I would recommend it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought 2 of these tablets for my kids. They love them and easy to use.	20in Monitor
Bought this for my son and he absolutely loves it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I chose this one because of the price and size of screen to use as an ereader. It has not disappointed.	Google Phone
Got this for the kids for Xmas...was the BEST gift.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for anyone easy to use!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet: With a vivid 8 touch screen and access to Amazon Underground, this tablet makes it easy to watch movies, play games or catch up on your reading with personalized recommendations. Cloud storage offers simple access to your content from anywhere.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great entry level tablet/reader holds a lot and it's expandable of 128 GB	Apple Airpods Headphones
With the Amazon fire tablet you get everything you would expect in a high-end tablet for less than $100. That's hard to beat!	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this tablet daughter uses it mainly and she really likes it good for reading and games as well as web surfing meets all needs !	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Our 11 year old daughter received this for Christmas and she seems to love it so fay. Does just enough to keep her entertained and I love the fact that she can easily access her books when she wants.	USB-C Charging Cable
I loved this tablet. I did! BUT I did not love that I was being sold ads every time I powered up! I loathe even more that I would have had to pay $15 to discontinue that feature. Amazon if you want $105 dollars for the Kindle Fire, charge it! but don't under price the device, and then flash ads at the the consumer at every opportunity. It is unbecoming of you! I returned this item pronto!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"This isn't a high end tablet. Don't buy it if your goal is to play the latest high octane tablet games. But for general use, for most people - web surfing, light games like Angry Birds and those match the fruit games, casting movies to a television - it's an amazing value. The Amazon geared operating system isn't a problem. It took a few minutes to get the Google world onto the tablet. - Google Play, Google Store, Google this and that. The 7"" version is an even better deal, but my mom needed this slightly larger screen. She loves it!"	Lightning Charging Cable
"Bought this for my father in law who is not tech savvy. The free ""May Day"" feature is the best part- I don't get called for tech support all of the time."	27in FHD Monitor
I've had this tablet for a few months now and i like it. The picture is excellent, the sound from the speakers is more than sufficient and the wifi is quick.	Wired Headphones
bought this for my father, who never did much on computers and was not sure he would actually use this. He unwrapped it, asked for some games to be downloaded and hasn't looked back! He has used the internet as well as the game apps and couldn't be happier.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this when they were on sale last year and love it!I use it primarily to read and get emails with some surfing. It has worked flawlessly for these applications.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice tab and worth for its money..got this from best buy during thanks giving and gifted to my friend...	USB-C Charging Cable
Hard to use, No way to delete things from screen. Need better manual. most books are impossible if they are reference books.	20in Monitor
Bought for our son so he wouldn't have to carry books back from his deployment	Wired Headphones
Sweet tablet yo, does good work for my grandma and super easy	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet on Black Friday, when it was on special for my little girl. I wasn't expecting much from the tablet... boy was I surprised by its capabilities! Love the tablet!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my 9 years Granddaughter, she loves it.	iPhone
I love my new Kindle. Use it everyday. It is easy to use and understand I chose this a tablet.	iPhone
Very easy to use and navigate. My 6 and 4 year old grandsons can use them with ease. Some apps are limited as you do not have Google Play, but there is plenty of games and learning games available.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my 10 year old grandson. He really likes it a lot. This is good for kids to learn responsibility using tablets.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was an item I bought for black Friday because the price was really low. I love it. It gets the job done, great travel item. $49.99, is exactly how much it's worth. The sound is low, but again for a good inexpensive, travel tablet, this is a Best Buy:)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Long battery life, good screen, reasonably fast.gaming.	27in FHD Monitor
Got it for my 9 year old son for his Common robot, he loves it, it's very easy to use and for the price well worth it	Flatscreen TV
I bought 2 one for each one of my daughters and they both like them.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got this kindle as a Christmas present for my mother and she absolutely loved it. She enjoys reading at night but hates how dim the lights are when she reads a book. This was a perfect compromise!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a very good tablet for the price, especially for Amazon Prime members. The display is very sharp and so far the battery life is excellent!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great starter tablet without the big cost. Does everything I need.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my wife for Christmas, wasn't sure she would use it. Turned out to be a great gift. Perfect for email, facebook with the Kids, get's her bookclub book delivered instantly from Amazon. And good battery life with a sharp picture.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 2 of these. I didn't want to pay the price for an iPad since they were a gift for my pre-teens. Very satisfied with my purchase and the kids were able to get their gaming apps. Con: they take a while to charge, that's why I'm giving it 4 stars.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Fire is great for our 6 year old to play some games.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Brought it as a gift for my wife and she loves it!	Wired Headphones
"I was initially excited to get the Kindle. I am extremely disappointed with all the ads. Even more disappointed to find out that I could pay Amazon more money to remove the ads. It's frustrating that Best Buy and more specifically Amazon, don't let the consumer know on the box or in store advertising that what you're buying is a mini advertising billboard. Why couldn't there be an upfront statement on the box or in the store stating that the ""low price"" is subsidized by all the ads on the device? Would this have changed my purchase? Absolutely!!!! I would have spent a couple bucks more and probably got a Samsung tablet."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Kindle Fire HD8 is an upgrade for me from Kindle Fire 7. It has many more features and is very easy to navigate.	Flatscreen TV
Can't beat the quality and performance of this tablet for $60. I bought it to be my main link with my Amazon Prime. But used it last week instead to download Direct TV app so I could use it to watch the FBS championship game. It worked great but it couldn't help my bama team win.	Wired Headphones
Just what my Niece wanted for Christmas! She is enjoying every minutes use !	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought for my Grandson for Christmas. He loves it. Glad I went with the 16GB,Thanks to the advice of BEST Buy employee.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for reading books, I still like ipad better though.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for our 8yo--she loves it! Had to return the 1st one after just.a few days as the screen would go black after typing in password--periodically. However, Best Buy traded it out for a new one!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
BOUGHT THIS FOR MY FATHER AS HE HAD MY OLD KINDLE EASY FOR HIM TO USE	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my 4th Kindle - I use it as a tablet when I travel	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Overall this is a great product. It sometimes freezes with some of the games but other apps work great. Alexa is a great addition.	Lightning Charging Cable
So many apps to look at hard to put down when everythig can be reached at your figertips	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet, sturdy, excellent screen quality. Amazon has done a fantastic job of making their tablets user friendly. Excellent for reading books or playing games. Would highly recommend.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The screen is great on the Fire HD 8. This tablet was given to a child and she loves the tablet. The only thing I don't like about the whole Amazon experience is the advertisement. Other than that, the tablet is nice.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The headphone jack restarts the tablet when you plug the headphone cord into it. That is why I am giving the product only 2 stars. Otherwise, the screen is great.	Lightning Charging Cable
Simple and objective this tablet is an excellent choice for adults and children.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is an intermediate size tablet that works very well for its designed purpose. The price was good and it has plenty of acc.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this one.It is my third kindle.My last one was a bit larger but it was a bit heavy.Love this one for reading or playing games.I can check my email and shop on line as well as take and store photos.I can also listen to music.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet. A lot of tablet for the money. Great for kids	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazon continues to offer quality products with the Amazon fire HD 8 for a reasonable price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good price, easy to work and the Grandkids loved .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Wanted something small and this was perfect size .	Lightning Charging Cable
They just keep getting better. This is great for the beginner or pro	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"I only use the kindle fire tablet for entertainment; music, games and eBooks. It's a great basic tablet at a low price. The SD card I added allows me to save lots music and books. The tablet is rather slow in charging but once fully charged it holds up well."	iPhone
Upgraded from 1st generation Fire tablet. Decided to go with 16GB tablet and there were none in store so I had to order for free delivery to store. Arrived on day promised. Was easy to sync new tablet with older tablet. Very nice picture and video. Great value.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Wife loves it so makes my life better what else do you need to know past that.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The screen size is good and the HD pictures are clear. I also like the camera photos. They are better than my cell phone camera. The size of the pictures are great. I would recommend this Fire HD for the ease of use.	Lightning Charging Cable
The built quality is great taking into considerarions its price. The tablet is pretty fast and responsive. However, Amazon's operating system is horrible. I miss a lot of apps that I use in my Apple devices, and some others that just don't work as good such as Mint and Netflix (don't have download capability). Also it won't work with my Chromecast devices...	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my wife and she absolutely loves this device .	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have an older kindle and wanted more space. This works very well	Google Phone
The amazon fire hd8 is awesome! Easy to navigate, color is beautiful	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A great tablet for not a lot of money. Does what the more expensive tablets does for less.	Wired Headphones
Got it last black Friday. Was looking for a cheap decent tab. Could've been better if there was a mirroring capability.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"Was looking at some more expensive Android tablets to replace a 3-year old device and saw this one on sale. Despite the relatively much lower price, I was originally very worried that the Amazon app ecosystem was going to be sorely lacking compared to the full Google Play catalog. But it turns out that while it is missing some important apps (not just games but productivity apps too), the more than adequate specs (good enough screen, 1.5 GB of RAM, decent processor) are enough for 95% of what I need from a tablet. And if you can get it on sale, you can't go wrong. Lastly, if you're deciding between the 7"" and this 8"" Fire, splurge a little bit and get this one instead."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon Fire HD8 is great for browsing and reading. GPS system not that great though.	ThinkPad Laptop
I was not told I had to belong to Amazon. Could not get it to work with my Router. I had been wanting this Tablet for some time and finally decided to purchase it. I am heart sick to have to return it. At one time working with the a general Manager by the name of Brenda on my problems, she was highly disrespectful , embarrassing to me I front of other customers and very rude. Representing Best Buy to the people who actually pay her salary and taking all into account, I would fire her in a heart beat. I understand from other employees she is like this quite often. If you can't fire her maybe taking her off the floor where she has to deal with the public and putting her behind the scenes would benefit Best Buy more than you know. 01-16-2017. Thank you.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is the best thing for reading specially on the go.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Now I want one. My older son wants one to. Keep of the good work.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's good budget tablet for someone who wants to use light apps, video streaming, and internet.1.5gb ram is enough for most apps.16g memory and sd card slot gives enough space.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my second amazon fire purchase. I wanted one for home and one to keep with me for traveling and work. It's was to negotiate and fits all my basic daily needs.	
Bought this tablet cause it was super cheap during December. It's a good tablet for someone who doesn't need a powerhouse	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good tablet for basic use. I ened up returning it and going with an iPad which met my needs more. This tablet would be good for someone with limited computer knowledge/use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for an adopted family. The teenager absolutely loved it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Awesome tablet! Super quick, great picture, and overall great quality	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was bought as a replacement for my wife's previous kindle. She is loving the larger screen and the fact that it has a camera.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice tablet, gives different choices for readers. Easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought the tablet on Black Friday to replace a 4 year old Nexus 7. Liked it so much that I purchased another a week later at full price. Bright clear screen, good battery life, expandable memory, fast and easy to use. No complaints.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Bought it for myself. It is everything its advertised to be. Works great; especially if you are a Amazon Prime member."	Apple Airpods Headphones
This product met my needs perfectly. It was easy to set up and portable to use anywhere.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this tablet during black friday for 60 dollars and it is well worth the price. Definitely an upgrade from the first gen tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"This watch is not only very useful, it's very cute and comfortable. I love the fitness aspects-it motivates me to be more active. I also enjoy the ""smartwatch"" abilities. I can read my text messages without anyone knowing it! Also, the battery last a few days at the very least."	LG Dryer
Best Buy has a good price structure for the Kindle Staff members were very helpful	ThinkPad Laptop
Had a paperwhite for years...The fire is my go to for news, new shows, and reading. Good book prices, credible news. Loving it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Paying $49 for a decent screen size to support portable surfing and email on wifi is a great deal. Not sure I'm a fan of Silk, but it works well enough.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"The Amazon Fire HD is easy to use. The 8"" tablet is just the right size."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Sharp screen that's not too big or small. Takes some getting used to if you normally use an IPhone. Be prepared for ads, which must be the reason they can sell it at such a low price. Slim profile, just heavy enough to feel substantial and high quality. Hard to find cases at physical stores.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My friend is enjoying getting acquainted with her first ever electronic device. It is just what she needed to get into the digital age. She is an older woman and is excited about all she can do on her Kindlefire.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was not sure what to expect from this little tablet at such a low price but I am impressed! The 8 inch version is a good size and a lot easier to carry around than my heavier 10 inch tablet. I read negative reviews about the video quality but I have not had any issues and use it to watch Netflix regularly with very clear and uninterrupted quality. The amazon App Store is definitely limited but with an android based system, it is very easy to install the google play store without having to root your device and voiding the warranty.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was a gift for my wife and she has truly enjoyed it. The different lighting for reading so helpful.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very user friendly. For the price best deal out there.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought it for my wife who reads a lot of books. She loves it!!	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a very solid device for under $100. The screen quality is great, and performance is hard to beat for most typical use. I needed more power to run some very intense apps, like Litchi for controlling a DJI Mavic. So if you are looking for a Powerhouse you should look for something with a bit more processor and atleast 3Gb Ram.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Amazon is great tablet and the price is excellent great	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Have a 7"", wanted a bigger screen. This is perfect and price was great."	27in FHD Monitor
User friendly and overall great product. Camera quality is not the greatest but this is not intended to be used as a camera so I can't complain.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love this tablet easy to use and extremely affordable	27in FHD Monitor
If you're main purpose is shows, books, light web browsing/social media, and light gaming -- this is the perfect tablet. Very friendly price. Nice construction.	iPhone
Bought as a reading tool for my daughter. She enjoys it and also the fact that she can download apps. Great tool for school and fun	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for husband to replace his old one. Uses it all the time and would recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
daughter loves it uses it every day likes everything about it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My youngest daughter is very pleased with this tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to use. Perfect for using for my clinicals in nursing school	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the price, it was a Christmas present and so far so good!	ThinkPad Laptop
Easy to use and the HD is awesome. The simplicity as well as the easy to follow directions to set it up is great. It does everything I want it to do.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great products as usual and great customer service	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very functional for a tablet and e-reader. This was a purchase for my stepmom who broke her previous Kindle. She likes it because the screen is big, ease of use, and you can access the internet. The kids side is good too for the kids but some of the apps like YouTube and YouTube Kids will not play on this because it's an Amazon operating system. Overall I would recommend this to people who like the regular e-readers and want a tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
It helps if your an amazon prime member . You can download a lot more things to do on the tablet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was purchased as a gift for an avid reader and as a streaming media device. I looked at the bigger kindle but this one is the right compromise between size and portability for the planned uses.	Macbook Pro Laptop
A great alternative to the more expensive tablets. Battery lasts for quite a while.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love love love my kindle fire. Had the original and then bought and iPad then bought this kindle and I am wondering why I even bought the iPad. Will not switch again. I will stick with my kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The fire runs well and was easy to set up. The pop up adds are a bit annoying but the tablet works well.	27in FHD Monitor
Happy with the purcase. Gift for my mother in law.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
ok i did like the product very much thank you for ok	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I recommend this tablet !!! I like it a lot , perfect size and perfect price	Vareebadd Phone
Great for reading books. Does everything an iPad or tablet does.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought for Xmass for my wife. She is not electronic competent, but found is easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Tends to flip out of my screen to something else. Each screen change = at least one pop up ad. Otherwise, it's been reliable so far.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a lot cheaper than other tablets with all the functions I need.	Wired Headphones
This is a excellent tablet for browsing the internet and reading ebooks and for the price you can't beat it..	Apple Airpods Headphones
My ND would way rather have a fire any day than an ipad!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Loved the product. First I was disappointed that I could not download Google Store apps but a Quick Google Search fixed that Issue and now I can download any Google Store Apps. The Battery Life is amazing as I was able to Watch around 4 Full Movies on a Single Charge. Performance is great as Games like Marvel Champions Modern Strike Online had no issues. Able to add an SD Card is just perfect as I dont have to worry about Storage for downloading Movies or Apps. Speakers are better then my Samsung Galaxy S7. For the Price point of this Tablet there is not a single thing to Complain. If I have to Brightness of the Screen can be better.	Apple Airpods Headphones
the amount i paid for the tablet is worth it on sale.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gifted this to my Mom primarily for reading books. Able to check out e-books from our local library. Works great. She also uses this for Skype, e-mails and Facebook. Her grand kids also use it - downloaded few games and play. Bought this during Black Friday sale and was an even better deal. It is a good tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandson loves it . He was very happy with it .	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet works well for surfing the internet and playing music.	Flatscreen TV
My husband and I have totally enjoyed owning these Amazon Fire tablets. They are so much easier on the eyes than our iphones!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My 8-year-old grandson is able to access all the games he's used to, but also many new games and videos. He finds something new to do almost every time he turns it on.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great improvement over the old kindle fire. Better size than the hd7. Not to big and not too small. Fast processing spead.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife loves it. Great picture quality and easy to use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
should have bought 2 at the sale price, fast, decent graphics great for reading ebooks best of fits in wife's purse	Google Phone
If you are looking for an inexpensive tablet just for basic web surfing/shopping/etc., I don't know that you can get a better deal. However, that is about all you can do. We found out the hard way that the Fire (which we bought to replace a misplaced iPad, so maybe we were just spoiled) is pretty limited in terms of the Apps you can download. Forget about any Google based Apps and many of the standard apps that are generally available in the Android or Apple market place. I love Amazon itself and don't have any major issues with the product I got for the price I paid, I just won't be going the cheap route in the future. Hindsight being 20/20, I should have spent the money to just get a new iPad since that is what we were used to.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my 10 year old son. Great for reading books and playing games. Can't beat the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my wife.. she loves it.. took some getting use to though but she is doing well with it	Lightning Charging Cable
I have a couple of iPads and decided to get this for general browsing, movie watching etc. Very pleased with the overall package. An added bonus is the very nice Amazon integration.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought as a gift for my mother. Instead of her feeling locked at the computer she can now access the web from anywhere in the house.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is just the perfect item for what we needed. It is compact and can go anywhere with you.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
She says this was the best gift she ever received.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My kids got this to replace their Ipads and haven't missed a beat.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love the new Fire - great for books, games, and getting online! Easy to use features and perfect size screen to take on the go!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"Bought this for my aunt for Christmas. She had wanted a book reader. But then she decided she wanted something she could ""play games on."" She's very happy with it!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Never owned a tablet before, but am loving it so far.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great tablet, simple to use, just love it.compatible with other amazon products.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my Mother because her Nook wasn't working any more. Although it took her a little while to adjust to the new device, she really enjoys it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted a tablet that was a decent screen size, that could play games, that could stream movies (Netflix, Prime), that could check e-mails, that could Skype, etc. all while remaining affordable (under $100). I have yet to see a tablet in this price range that can do all these things effortlessly, while remaining this affordable. This tablet has handled whatever I throw at it, and with no hiccups. I had the cheaper $50 Fire tablet prior to this one, and that thing was slow to process the most basic tasks. If you're looking for an affordable tablet that can do what a more expensive tablet can do, then pick this one up.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased as a replacement for an older kindle and the fire HD did not disappoint. The intended recipient was thrilled that a camera came with it. Well worth the money.	Apple Airpods Headphones
4th amazon product I own it is a great budget tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for the daughter for Christmas and seems to work great	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my wife for Christmas (a perfect gift, if I do say so myself), and seeing the joy that it brings her on a near daily basis makes me want one for myself. Alas, it will be another six years in the sequin mines outside Nashville until I can save enough to get another one. But someday...	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I purchased this during the black friday sale. I'm happy with the overall product with the exception of two things.1.) the auto brightness control is not good enough for me, its either too bright or too dark. I can't figure out if I'm having issue with the colors or something else.2.) the 2nd issue is not with the tablet itself but after using this for a while i've realized using 8"" tablets for watching movies is not a good experience."	Google Phone
For the price this tablet is an absolute steal! I've never had an iPad to compare it to but that's only because I've never wanted to spend hundreds of dollars for a tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Recently upgraded from the 7inch kindle and i must say huge improvements. all i can say is that if they can speed up the processor by next year with more ram they might compete with the ipad!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet was a good gift for Christmas. I bought it on black Friday for a cheap price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For my 3-year-old, it serves it purpose and very cost effective.	20in Monitor
I put a memory card in this and put the Play Store on it (Google it). I use it as a mini office with a Bluetooth keyboard. I love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"This 8"" tablet is much better than the older 7"" tablet. It is faster and have a camera. Great improvement over the older version."	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is an awesome tablet, fast, great HD display and has all the apps I need for personal entertainment. If you look for a great tablet for entertainment, surfing the net, or reading your e-mail, this is the best you can have. I also purchased a 128 GB SanDisk Ultra Plus memory card. I strongly recommend it, not for work but it’s great for entertainment.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great size. Works with all apps. No issues yet. Would buy more.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
bought this for my son(12), and he loves it. Constantly on it. Got a great price during the holidays. Completely satisfied.	USB-C Charging Cable
This Amazon Fire is perfect for what I need - nice screen and memory size, really nice apps preinstalled and it's just ready to use! The Black Friday price was beyond wonderful!!!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Gifts for 4 yr old grandsons very easy for them to maneuver around.. great charge life. We have to force.them to take breaks.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for myself for Christmas! I've enjoyed the ease of use and the price I paid was great. In fact, I purchased another for my son for Christmas.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the perfect tablet for basic use or if upgrading from the kids edition of the Amazon Fire. Much less expensive than an iPad and more durable if you have a tween who isn't always careful with their tech.	Wired Headphones
This was the first time I had a tablet. It is so much fun to play games on!	USB-C Charging Cable
Prefer no amps on unit and just allow buyer to place the amps they want or will ever use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Had to chose between Fire 10 and Fire 8. For the money, you can't go wrong with the Fire 8. Screen is good for "" older eyes""."	Lightning Charging Cable
I have been holding off buying one of these for years, but on black friday the price was an astonishing $49. The amount of tablet you get for that amount of money is unrivaled. It is a great investment if you enjoy books or media.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great for kids, my kids haven't stopped playing with it	27in FHD Monitor
This is perfect for kids. The parental controls make me feel secure in letting my child use the tablet safely.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I would recommend this to other grandparents for their grandkids	Google Phone
this works great if you use amazon a lot and watch movies from amazon	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great product for surfing the internet or reading books!	ThinkPad Laptop
I am familiarizing my self with no conclusion to say something about it now.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"I was expecting an Android device and discovered it was an ""Android like"" device. My fault for not reading up on his device before hand. I returned the Amazon Fire and bought a Samsung Tab E.I probably would recommend this tablet if you wanted a device for reading."	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this as a gift for my aunt and she loves it. Easy to get connected and set up. She is totally non-techny and was able to do it herself. Great buy!	USB-C Charging Cable
I was surprised by the quality of the screen, and it is no slouch either.	iPhone
I love this Kindle and bought it for the upgrades to replace my original kindle fire. I would give it an excellent rating if the camera were better but the pictures come out grainy and not very clear. Great for watching shows and videos and these are very clear.. Love playing games on it and of course reading the latest books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Was looking for an inexpensive tablet for our child. Got this while on sale and ordered a screen protector and child case. Has worked well. Can set daily limits to prevent them from using to much. Would buy again.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
If adding more than one child to the account, the screen will not rotate properly for the second, third, or fourth child. Geek squad could not fix this problem, seems to be a manufacturer's issue. Also, there are too many adds. I returned this product.	Wired Headphones
I brought Fire HD8 for my Daughter, She have been used it since Christmas.	Flatscreen TV
Bought it on sale for Christmas gift and we'll worth the money. Does everything needed with good functionality. Easy to use for those not too tech savvy.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought this as a gift - they seemed to like it. The price was nice and so was the size of it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is more often used than my ipad, the free games from amazon underground is cool with amazon prime and if you like to read it has plenty of book options and integrations with digital purchases!	Flatscreen TV
This is a great device. I needed something small to read books on. This device is exactly what I was looking for.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchase this tablet during the Christmas holidays on sale. Got as a gift for my job's Christmas gift party. The person who got it was very happy with it. I am familiar with the tablet because I bought one for my wife when they first came out for her to use to read her books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for book reading and audio books, many good apps to chose from. Very good for picking up e-mail when traveling. I'm still finding more ways to use it. Only had it about a month.	Wired Headphones
My nephew likes the 'large' size of the Fire tablet as it's significantly larger than his phone.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great little tablet especially for the price.	Wired Headphones
The new tablet is great ！ nice upgrades！Love how easy it is to use. Easy to get apps, shop and browse the web.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice deals on the product with saving and good customet experience.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought the Kindle Fire HD as a Christmas gift for my mom. She has never had a computer or Kindle. She loves it. Best gift I gave her. She plays a lot of games on it. That keeps her mind working. Love the size of screen.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased for my nephew for Christmas. He loved it and really enjoy it for playing games and reading books.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Purchased this for my nephew. He loved it and can't stop playing with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a light-weight alternative to an iPad for collecting and enjoying Kindle and Amazon Video products. When combined with the dedicated Fire cover, it's low price along with a very readable screen and the option for a Micro SD card make it an excellent choice for travel and time spent in waiting-rooms, etc., allowing lots of memory space for ones library as well as flexibility regarding how it is held or positioned.	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandson broke his Amazon fire table one day after warranty expired. He was disappointed. So I bought him an 8 version . He had a big smile.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This serves every function I need in a tablet. Price is right.	Vareebadd Phone
It's a handy little tool to have for reading e-Books.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this as a gift but was wrong item wanted so wasn't used	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to use, fast, sleek and battery holds good charge , happy with it	USB-C Charging Cable
Very easy to use and navigate. Perfect size to carry in my purse and still a good sized screen to watch movies.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This product is very user friendly and it is very lightweight	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
this was great buy & can do it all.fair price & great games	Apple Airpods Headphones
Most of the time I use the tablet for the Web, reading and email, but when I want to work on a Word doc, pdf, budget and a lot more, I can do it well on the tablet without pulling out my laptop. The screen isn't as sharp as the S2 models but is nice enough and it does not lack anything else.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This was bought primarily for photos. I added the 128 card. Putting in the 128 card might have been a little tricky but the sales rep did it for me. My wildlife photos look brilliant on the tablet. I'd recommend making a Geek Squad appt for about an hour after you plan to buy the tablet. That way you learn how to use it before leaving the store. Also I got one that had been returned but all the parts still had the plastic wrap on them. That made it $100 less and hence the ""great deal"" in the title. It may pay to ask about a return. I plan to take some of the free classes offered."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It was well worth the Black Friday price! The screen is so clear, it is easy to handle especially for people with not so big hands, easy and fast when navigating.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I liked the volume buttons on the side of my old 7"" Fire better than on top like this new 8"". That's the only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating."	Macbook Pro Laptop
i just adore my fire 8...the features, size of screen, easy log in and graphics	Wired Headphones
This is an awesome tablet. it is fast with great pictures!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Price was right, great tablet for playing games and reading	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this tablet for Black Friday at a decent price. It's 8 inches, you can add more space with a micro sd and very easy to use.	27in FHD Monitor
Tablet works great. Nice big size good battery power. No problems using it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am still learning all the different things I can do with the Kindle Fire. So far I like it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect product for senior citizen who just wants to do a little internet shopping and receive and send emails. Nice size screen and easy to use. Great gift for a lot less investment than an ipad or laptop.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great buy for the money, no complaints. Highly recommended.	Google Phone
I bought this as a gift and the recipient loves the processing speed and the fact that it has 2 cameras on the device.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am very happy with the kindle fire hd 8. it is very easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my mother for Christmas. She is not the most technological advanced individual. She really wanted a tablet and this one works great and is super easy to use. I went to program it for her and she insisted on doing it herself. She was able to no problem!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use tablet. Price is pretty good. My mom loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for a relative for Christmas who wanted access to audiobooks. My only issue is that the tablet needs a wifi connection in order for the audio to work with certain apps. Not a problem if you have constant access to wifi but my relative does not. Nice tablet otherwise.	Google Phone
This device completely meets my needs for reading and accessibility.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works good, has very nice screen brightness and resolution	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my 9 year old. Easy to use and awesome graphics. Easy for adults to manage apps and parental controls.	Apple Airpods Headphones
When my husband and I bought our Kindle Fire 8, we went to Best Buy and asked questions as best we could. There are programs we apparently need to put create and edit documents and spreadsheets!! We did ask if it had those features and was told yes but I think we need to have a special app. Why isn't there a manual or step by step guide on getting the most use out of Kindle Fire 8. Can I get it online? Kindle Fire 8 fun to use but needs more info for customers. Can we go to a class at Best Buy? Thanks for any help.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the price point....especially if you are big Amazon user.Expandable memory is a great feature.	Wired Headphones
The kids more expensive tablets died twice. Repair was more than the Fire brand new.	USB-C Charging Cable
I would buy another one for the priceGood product	27in FHD Monitor
My teenager loves to read and we purchased it for her. Great purchase!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Would give 5 stars but THE ADDS!!!!!! Just as functional as my iPad	USB-C Charging Cable
Replaced Kobo EReader with this tablet, very satisfied with performance and price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Upgraded from a standard kindle to a kindle fire. Lots more features and about the same price.. I would definitely recommend this for anyone who wants a tablet but doesn't want to pay a lot of money..	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a great Christmas gift for my kid. This allows them to store their favorite books and play some educational games. Its nice to also have an optional MicroSD card for extra storage.	LG Washing Machine
works great for reading or playing games it connects to the web fast and responds very well	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this on black Friday for my mother and so far she enjoys it. It was to replace her iPad mini 1 that they have basically designed to become in operable within 2 years. She can add storage to the Kindle, the picture is fire, and she can read a plethora of books that suit her fancy. It's nice size and responsive.	Flatscreen TV
Perfect for face timing with family. Perfect for travel.	Lightning Charging Cable
Convenient and way to use. First tablet for me. Very happy.	LG Dryer
Bought two tablets for the kiddos. Overall, price was great and works well. Only issue is download speed. Tends to take a while to download apps and other stuff.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love this! I use it daily! And I love the fact that I can add a ad card for more memory!	iPhone
Love it and would recommend it for the young as the old	Google Phone
Kids got the kindle fire for Christmas, pretty happy with it.	Wired Headphones
Purchased on black Friday deal for $59.99. Good buy! Not iPad quality but a fraction of the price and nice for watching prime videos and normal apps. Would purchase at standard price also as a fun extra tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my wife and she likes it. She plays a few games, checks her email, and goes on Facebook. High end users would not be satisfied with this tablet but overall an excellent value.	USB-C Charging Cable
Unable to download the Instagram app. which stinks	Lightning Charging Cable
I had an Apple Mini Ipad that was an older version and ran very slow due to older version OS I was told. I bought the Fire to replace it since I mostly use it for gaming through my WIFI. It was way cheaper and does everything I wanted and is very fast. No issues waiting for uploads. It has all the other features as well like weather, camera , and I have started to use Alexa and that is great.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice size screen. Very fast easy to use nice size nice screen	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for my husband who is in a nursing home to be able to listen to music.. He loves it... And uses it every day for music and other things too.	Flatscreen TV
I love my old kindle, but after a few years and drops the power button doesn't like to work a lot of the time. So took advantage Black Friday deal to replace the one that is going out.	Lightning Charging Cable
Basically, the tab's features are good. There are huge Amazon collections. Kids can be allowed to use it without parents monitoring as parents control feature is good. Several useful Amazon products are offered free of charge. I hope that It is worth for the money value.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
nice tabket for the money with many nice features and durable	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the kindal because i am a reader. i able to check out books from library through overdrive but if i get an alert about world event i simply go to ond of the news app's and get the latest headline. Great price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love this tablet! Super bright colors! Great for gamers! Can't bet this tablet for any price!	Google Phone
I love reading my books on this, and the Alexa flash briefings each morning before I go to work at top notch	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The kindle fire hd is a wonderful tool as well as a device for entertainment. The beauty of the kindle fire is the price. I look forward to buying updated devices.	20in Monitor
My son enjoys it no complaints works great long battery life	AA Batteries (4-pack)
holds a charge better than any tablet i have ever had	USB-C Charging Cable
nice size, very clear but randomly shuts off. cant remove unwanted apps from the home screen. if you watch video..it buffers alot and laggs.	27in FHD Monitor
love it, can do alot of stuff on it, would recommend fire hd8 to everyone	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the 3rd Kindle Fire that I have purchased. This one is much faster and more user friendly. We just bought our 2 grand daughters and 2 grandsons a Kindle Fire with the youngest 8 yrs old. He has it mastered already. Great tablet for a good price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Being used to an Ipad this is difficult to adust to but does the job just fine for a low price - good size to carry around without weighing down your purse. Would buy again	LG Dryer
This is an awesome product love the flexibility it has with not only book reading but other apps as well.	LG Washing Machine
Received this tablet as present for young grandson. While I am not an Amazon tablet fan (don't like hybrid operating system), this device meets all the requirements I had hoped for: ease of use, optional micro SD capacity, and plenty of internal memory.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
No technology is ever like a real book you can smell, but this little notebook in nice. It does so many things well.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my second kindle. Love size of screen and it is super light. Great camera.	Lightning Charging Cable
We originally owned an original kindle but it was slow app store was not the best and overall interface was to be desired. In fact eventually the device crashed and couldn't be recovered with limited use. Deeply debated about getting another and actually bought a Samsung tablet, but it was too small. This was such a good deal it was hard to ignore and have been very happy to give another try. This device is a great size and much better interface. Would buy again and will consider in the future for the kids.	27in FHD Monitor
My daughter loved it nd I love that she leaves my phone alone now.	27in FHD Monitor
We ordered one for each of our 2 boys (ages 7 and 5) as Christmas gifts. They love them. Setup took a bit of time to get the Amazon store and parental controls, but well worth the time once its was all set up. We set it all up before wrapping them so the kids could enjoy them right away. It's their favorite gift this year.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use and great quality. All 3 of my kids have a Kindle Fire	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this e reader for myself and I love it. The price was great and the product is nice.	Wired Headphones
I got this for myself on black Friday. I have had 2 Kindles before but never the Fire. Love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the fact that is very practical and I didn't have to spend a lot of money.	USB-C Charging Cable
Well my kids love them. So that's great for me. The only bad thing I can say is i can't figure out how to make it so they can download free games and not ones that cost money.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this kindle on black Friday for a great price. It is a good performer at a great price. I use it as a nice versatile tablet, not just for kindle bok reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Wow this tablet for the price of 40$ at the time what a value. Works very well, easy to use, great for beginners.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'm not very good with electronics, so I was worried about learning how to use my Kindle Fire. I had no problems at all with navigation of this device. I feel it's also fast I was expecting it to be sluggish. I think this is great for the beginner and is a great bargain.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This imy 3rd kindle device.I chose it becazuse it haf more memory/stoeage	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great tablet plus you can't beat this price.	27in FHD Monitor
I got this tablet on Black Friday. It was a great price, and being a Prime member, it has become my favorite entertainment venue on the go. The screen's not as sharp as an iPad or Samsung tablet, but for the price I got it for and its entertainment value, it can't be beat.	iPhone
I bought my fire tablet during the Christmas sale season for a great price to replace my aging iPad. I am really impressed with the speed of downloads and the quality of the video. I added an inexpensive SD card to download videos and shows. It is great for travel.	Lightning Charging Cable
"The fire hd 8 is a nice improvement over the 7"" model. First, the extra ram makes browsing noticeably smoother and the screen is crystal clear. It is not on the same level as apple ipad or samsung galaxy, but still a huge improvement over previous kindle tablets."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the Amazon Fire HD 8 for my husband for Christmas. He's never too excited about gifts but he is using this tablet every day and even though he won't admit it, he absolutely loves it. Would definitely buy again, especially during Black Friday specials.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, size is just right. Easy for my wife to travel with and carry in her purse.	Wired Headphones
"As a low priced 8"" tablet, it has a good display, good speed, and reasonable battery life.I am a bit peeved by the rather intrusive adds that Amazon pushes onto it.I am also unhappy that I cannot load all the apps I am used to using on my Android phone. Overall, I wish I had spent more for a real Android device rather than having this with the Amazon limited version of Android."	20in Monitor
This tablet was a gift to my daughter because she's an avid reader and anime watcher. She has been nothing but excited since she opened it and there have been zero complaints.	Lightning Charging Cable
My kindle fire HD8 is quite an upgrade to my old Kindle. Camera is a terrific addition and the screen is so much better.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got an unbelievable deal!! The best part is having a library of books at my fingertips!! Easy and simple to set up and great when I'm traveling!!	USB-C Charging Cable
"I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! Works great for YouTube, Netflix and adding a few games. Easy to learn how to use and no ""accidental"" purchases can be made if you use the option to switch user accounts."	Wired Headphones
My boys love their new tablets due to the cool features, books, apps and games. I love the parental controls, processor speed, battery life and light weight. Combined with a great discount at Best Buy and you get a win, win, WIN!	Lightning Charging Cable
I was using this for a while it was 10X faster then my kindle 5th generation yes 1gb of ram but the App Store made from Amazon is not the best so I downloaded the google play store to get the apps I mostly used I only use my kindle fire had 8 for books and reading or watching YouTube or the web I'm giving the rating 4 stars	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you are using Amazon Prime, you definitely like this table as it can stream the video, audio, reading book... easy to carry with you	Google Phone
I've had kindles since they first came out love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for my elderly mom to play games and use for reading	ThinkPad Laptop
It is a good tablet, but is a little slow downloading apps	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for what it is. The product is solid. Got it as a gift for family.	iPhone
Bought as a gift for my Mom. She's so happy. Therefore, I'm happy	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent resolution and speed. I love the easy usability of the new fire.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for my sister as a gift. So far so good. The price was just right.	20in Monitor
My daughter loves her tablet....she takes it with her everywhere!	20in Monitor
I had to sideload google play services to be able to download from the google play store or use google chrome as a web browser, as this tablet was designed to be exclusive to Amazon.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I used daily and its works awesome, the price and performance are good I suggested to my friends , bought last yrs as well gave to my dad, he loves it.	Flatscreen TV
the kindle is all way a good product for the money the hold family have one just got me the 10' and love it get a Kindle and same money at the same time	Wired Headphones
It's big then the one I had I would tell my friends	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased this Fire Tablet as a Christmas gift for my husband. He is learning to use it and so far likes it really well. He hasn't downloaded any books yet but he now has an email address and will soon have a Facebook account. His brothers & sisters live around the country so now he will be able to keep in contact with them.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased for my granddaughter and it was a great investment.	27in FHD Monitor
This little $60 tablet is really good for reading ebooks and watching netflix	Wired Headphones
"My Hulu plays perfectly..great volume. Kindle starts right up so I'm able to read fine. However, when I'm on Facebook and click on an article to read, it goes to the page, and within 30 seconds, the page closes. Sometimes Facebook app won't even load. I find it blanking in and out and not showing some icons at times. I haven't dropped it so I'm assuming this is an internal problem :( I have tried playing a couple games and it will say that I need ""the Amazon app"" where I go to purchase stuff, which I already have...then it closes out saying ERROR. I wish I could replace for a new one."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice size screen, clear and clean picture with plenty of storage	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought two of these kindles. One for my preteen granddaughter whom had no problem at all being up and running. However, My senior mother found that the touch screen was not sensitive enough for the menu to drop easily for her. As a first time user on the kindle fire my mom will take time getting used to it. However, my tech savvy granddaughter loves her already.	27in FHD Monitor
This replaced my old original kindle fire. What a great upgrade.	Google Phone
Thought it was to be better than what it is. Mother in law can play games an Facebook on it. Next time I will buy her a samsung	USB-C Charging Cable
It was on a total of an hour and a half when the screen went completely dark. Would not turn on after that. The battery was fine....It just quit working all together.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for my 9 year old Godson and he loves it. He would play it for hours on end if his parents would let him. He mostly plays games on it but he also uses it to watch videos and read books.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easily added apps including Google Play store... Not rocket science. Battery life is phenomenal, great for cross country flights.	27in FHD Monitor
The granddaughter loves it and she can't put it down.	Wired Headphones
"We bought this to replace a Kindle Fire pad and they have come a long way in this build, I would recommend this or if you like a bigger one then get then10"" version."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great build qualityGood screen resolution for the moneyCan install android applications -including kodi	Wired Headphones
Like this so much bought another one for my daughter.	Lightning Charging Cable
My husband and I were looking around for a tablet for our daughter. We wanted something that she could use easily and we wouldn't have to worry about what she was doing. With the different profiles and parental controls available we have enjoyed our choice of this tablet.	Google Phone
Bought this for our granddaughter. She absolutely loves it! Easy for her to learn how to operate.	USB-C Charging Cable
First of all, this is not an iPad or a more expensive android tablet, but it's a very good tablet for the money. I own an iPad Pro and iPad Air 2, yet this tablet has a place in my home. If you're buying for kids, I wouldn't buy anything more expensive than this. Good screen, fast enough, and amazon's underground free apps are a huge plus.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this on super sale as an e-reader and to use to browse the web in lieu of a laptop when traveling. I found it to be a great value for the price. It processes rapidly on the web through its Amazon Silk browser. Streaming music also works well. The screen has nice resolution. It does not play well with other operating system apps and the apps available through Amazon does not compare to Google. I was unable to download a Google play app, although G mail works like a champ. The camera does not produce decent images. I wouldn't bother with that function. All in all a terrific buy for the money, but don't expect an iPad.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet but not as smooth as high end tablets. It's limited to Amazon so don't expect to do as much as an Android or iPad. I like mine and will continue to use it. I recommend using one if you can before buying.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love it.....................!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Google Phone
The Unit works exactly as described. A very good buy.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great tablet for price. Display is clear. Enjoy books on tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's unfair for me to rate this product cause I have not even taken it out of the box to set it up.	ThinkPad Laptop
Kids love it. Easy setup was ready with in minutes	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Working Product at the price that was advertised! Great!	USB-C Charging Cable
It's nice really nice. Go buy one for your grandma. She will give you a real big hug.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to load, works with our local library (borrow books for free).	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have been using this for a bit now. It's wonderful. I also have another tablet but use the kindle exclusively for reading. The kindle works extremely. If you use amazon prime this is a no brainer.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great speed and function for a small price. Does what I needed.	iPhone
I would recommend to others great playing games reading surfing the Internet.Camera works very good and easy upload photos when needed.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet works as expected. I would recommend this tablet to anyone who needs a new tablet with great battery life.	20in Monitor
Very good tablet my child enjoys it very much, the battery life is very good although he takes it for his games	27in FHD Monitor
Delivers as advertised. Very fast performance and the kids love it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Absolutely love the tablet. My wife loves it. Much more enjoyable than playing on the phone.	Wired Headphones
Not an iPad, but that's not what I wanted. High quality, does everything I need it to do.	Wired Headphones
Great purchase. Would definitely recommend it to anyone.	Lightning Charging Cable
Not very user friendly and intuitive.Very limited capabilities and apps.Good for viewing movies.Very limited language capabilities other than English and a few other languages.Apps are downloaded, but can't be found.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Now all 5 of my children have a kindle. This one is by far the best one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Currently setting everything up on it but so far so good.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good price good item. Would purchase again. This was a gift	USB-C Charging Cable
I've had my Fire HD 8 2015 for about a year and have been very satisfied with it. My wife has been using an older Fire 7 (non-HD) and I thought it was time for an upgrade for her so I decided to buy her this new Fire HD 8 for Christmas. I also installed a sceen protector, a new case and a 64GB SD card before wrapping it.She was very surprised and pleased and she noticed the big difference in speed, sound and picture quality immediately. I'm very happy she likes it so much. Thanks Amazon for the great product and Best Buy for the great price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very satisfied with my tablet ,it is very easy to operate.	Vareebadd Phone
Purchased 2 of these and am real satisfied with them!!	USB-C Charging Cable
This actually was a Christmas present for my Mother, but I had to set it up. This is a nice upgrade from her Kindle purchased three years ago. Kindle was great assisting getting it registered since neither of us could remember her password.	Google Phone
Great picture, just the right size and has the blue dimmer	USB-C Charging Cable
Met and exceeded all expectations! Easy to use, perfect size, arrived when expected and an excellent value.	ThinkPad Laptop
Not many apps. The first one was already returned...no power issue after 1week..I hope the second one is fine...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
awesome tablet. wonderful upgrade from the first kindle fire	Lightning Charging Cable
We are a Kindle family! Use them all the time! Reading books, checking email, watching Netflix. Would be very sad without it!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
For the money this tablet has a great display and allows you to do pretty much the same that lots of other more expensive devices are capable of.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She absolutely loves it! She has been on it since she opened it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Grandkids each got one and they love it. Step up from original Kindle.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I recieved this as a present for my birthday, so far it has been great. I have bought several books and it makes a great Ebook reader.	20in Monitor
This is a great tablet for the price I paid. My husband loves it!	LG Dryer
Great tablet! My son really likes it to read and also to play games!	iPhone
Great buy for my 7yr old cheap so if it ends up broken for any reason I can replace it easily.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for a family member. They love it. Would Recommend.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was always an IPad person but after having this I'm fine with it. It's easy to use and inexpensive.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Was happy to get the toy for my son for Christmas and they won't stop playing it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for mother in law as a Christmas gift and she loves it. She had a version 1 and she loved. She loves the better sound, picture and speed of the newer version.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my daughter she loves it. Great investment for her watching movies!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this on sale for 69, decent display but you can tell it is not on par with other tablets. It is great if you have prime and use their services. Great speakes, makes a huge difference in Audio quality. Battert life is good, no complaints. I gave it 4 stars due to the play store access. There is a way around it, I do have it on here now but it took some work.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased two Fire8 tablets for my children. My son loves it for reading books from library and my daughter loves listening to audio books.They both were not sure they would like the tablet but they really love them.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the HD8 the extra inch makes a huge difference over the HD7.	iPhone
I bought this on line as a gift. The unit does not stay on and I cannot get in touch with anyone to get the unit repaired	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great device, and free's up my phone. Great for internet, games, radio, etc.	Wired Headphones
Simple to use. Great for Dad who wants to play games and check weather	Lightning Charging Cable
Product worked as described. No issues with performance, and it was a simple setup! Perfect for web browsing and videos.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my tablet. It is super easy and loads fast.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this for a new tablet user. After a quick training session she caught right on.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect size for me. Speaker clarity is amazing and produces a great picture	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a great tablet without the steep cost of an iPad. I haven't used it too much so far but the picture and sound is pretty good and being able to stream movies/shows is quite nice.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this fire for my 7 year old and she loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is the first tablet i have owned and i must say it runs great. And the battery lasts for a good amount of time. Cant complain when it comes that cheap.	iPhone
The battery charge life is extended and everything else is fine.	Wired Headphones
Great little tablet. Inexpensive so easy for taking with you without worry.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great value product and is (for me) an equal to an ipad.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
great tab in low price and worth to spend. It has everything what i am looking for.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This kindle is very convenient and has a great display that's easy on the eyes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoy my kindle fire had it is easy to use get it	Google Phone
I really like the bigger screen. These are great for traveling with children	Flatscreen TV
Hadn't really checked into Kindles/tablets before. Does more than I expected it too, tho now I'm a little disappointed that it's a little limited to Amazon-related and approved stuff. The app store for the device is more limited even tho it uses a form of Android (which means no Flash also). But I'm mostly using it for reading, so I'm happy with it and would recommend it. The 8 was the perfect size for me, the 6 screen was too small for reading comfortably and the 10 was too big as a handheld.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was an upgrade purchase. My previous Kindle was 4 years old. (still working!) This new version is so much faster and has a much better quality camera! Love it for reading, Netflix and on-line shopping!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I don't know why it takes long to come on and it goes off on me my kids have no problem	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Overall I am happy with my Amazon Fire 8 HD. It was easy to take and use on a recent trip, although the Delta app doesn't work with it so that was a little frustrating. Not crazy about seeing the ads that pop up, but for a purchase price of $65 (sale), it's hard to complain. This is my first tablet and I find it to be the perfect size and easy to use. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to buy a tablet and expects to use it for reading, surfing the web, playing games and as a lightweight device travel option. I am very happy with the look of the games and everything on the screen, I can see myself using it more at home now, although I will still use my laptop when I want a bigger screen. I bought it in the store & they were out of cases, so I recommend buying a case that also acts as a stand. I found one on Amazon that was inexpensive and came in an array of colors.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased this as a child's tablet and I couldn't be happier! I was buying it thinking that it would be cut-rate but ok for a small child to play with on long car rides and on rainy days. Despite the low cost and unimpressive stats I have been very surprised by the quality. The screen is perfectly adequate for games and kids shows, the parental controls/child profile settings are excellent and the stereo speakers CRUSH the built in speakers on my iPad Air 2. The only drawbacks I have found so far are power related. The battery seems to drain fairly quickly under what I would consider normal use and the included charger (typical usb type) takes a very very long time to fully charge the tablet. I suspect this is the charger's limitation rather than the tablet's and it may charge better with a different power supply.I wish that I had purchased two of these tablets at the price they were for sale and I would have kept the second for my own use when on the road.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Gave this to my sister-in-law for Mother's Day. Its a great entry level tablet. She loves using it, especially for games.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I got this tablet for my dad after his old tablet bit the dust. He loves it! Great tablet and features!	Lightning Charging Cable
One of the fastest tablets I ever had. Netflix and Hulu works awesomely!	USB-C Charging Cable
I have the 2015 generation fire and it never worked all that great as far as speed but I enjoyed the feel and the visuals of it. I just purchased the 2016 version and it is remarkably faster than the previous model. Though the newer model doesn't have as nice of a feel and the visuals are not as good. The newer version was much cheaper in price so it explains the feel and visuals. I hope someday they get a model that looks and feels great and is also quick.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my third kindle fire. It is lightweight and unobtrusive. I use it mostly for reading however I have had no issues using it for web browsing or for playing games. Overall a good little tablet for the price.	Flatscreen TV
This was a Mother's Day gift from my son. I had wanted one for awile. It has surpass my expectations. I love it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Perfect if you're looking for the basic necessities of a laptop. Only negatives no yahoo apps, no google apps, no apple app, but it's still awesome.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Amazon fire. I purchased one for my 17 year ol and she uses it to view Netflix,Hulu and you tube. I shop,email, surf the net and pay bills with mine:-)I bought an extra and downloaded my fire1. Now I have a fire 1 and a fire 2. My fire 1, my husband uses, so for back up I have a fire 2. It takes nice pics as well. The fire will make a very nice gift for someone oh, don't forget your free books you can download!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a gift/prize for a Project Graduation party. The winner was super excited!	Wired Headphones
This kindle does everything i want and more. No regrets on the purchase	Wired Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my mother-in-law and she loves it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Its fast, connects well, every amazon aspect of life you could possibly want is on here. Thats what I didnt expect, it being my first tablet. Amazon gets in your face about all its promos and products every time i turn it on. Its so annoying. -But its very handy, very sleek, easy to use and connects quick to any wifi acess around. However its limited on games and its app store is c.r.a.p compared to android. So ehhh 50/50.	Wired Headphones
Late gift for my grandson. He is very happy with it. Easy for him (9yo ).	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm not super thrilled with the proprietary OS on this unit, but it does work okay and does what I need it to do. Appearance is very nice, price is very good and I can't complain too much - just wish it were easier (or at least more obvious) to port new apps onto it. For now, it helps me see things that are too small on my phone while I'm traveling. I'm a happy buyer.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this Kindle Fire HD 8 was purchased for use by 5 and 8 yer old grandchildren. They basically use it to play Amazon games that you download.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for a great price. No need to purchase an overpriced tablet for children	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I haven't had my Fire long enough to have explored all it has to offer. I've downloaded a couple of audio books that sound great and are easy to install and play. Not my way to watch movies or TV but the screen is nice. Very clear and sharp. Audio is just OK from the speakers, you'll want some nice head phones or buds for music or movies. I really like the Fire 8, it seems like a lot of gadget for the money.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I use this tablet often. It is the perfect size. The battery last a long time. The quality is great for the price	20in Monitor
Easy operation, great product, not a fan of the shiny screen, hard to see in sunlight	27in FHD Monitor
Love my purchase of my Amazon fire Hd 8. It was a very good experience	20in Monitor
Love it, vivid HD color, it replaces other devices I have. Watch movies, play games, read e books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Happy with the purchase, found it on sale could not pass it up!	Apple Airpods Headphones
the salesgirl was very knowledgeable and helped me pick out the right tablet for my needs. It works well as promised.	20in Monitor
Good size screen and clarity for the money. Seems fairly robust. The biggest problem is putting apps on it, at least free games. They do not have a great selection and when I put them on some of them require you turn on tracking so they can collect information or they won't let you play it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good tablet overall just not enough memory but with an sd card just love it	Google Phone
It was great and great for the kids and adults thanks	USB-C Charging Cable
my 9 yr old loves her new tablet . she had a nabi and likes this better	Vareebadd Phone
Love the Tablet. Wonderful battery life. Great for Movies.	Google Phone
This is a good tablet for the price. I dont have a lot of apps. I use more for reading and watch videos. I think is a good deal.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this item for one of my interns and she loved it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
it's a great tablet for the money. I would buy another.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It does everything I need a table to do. And it is really fast..	ThinkPad Laptop
The product has a $90 price tag and the 90 warranty is too short. My tablet died within a month. I took it to Best Buy where they said they don't handle the warranty, went to Amazon web site where they said go to the store where I bought the device. After much digging around Amazon web site I found out who would help me. I gave it a one star and Amazon helped me quick. We were able to get it going again, a manual would help. The device works again. I found the tablet to be very functional, I watch Netflix, listen to Spotify, watch YouTube videos, it works great!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent product for what it does. Spouse loves it!Nough said!	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and lots of handy features. Downside is the ads that apparently can't be shut off and you can't upload and and play downloaded YouTube videos unless you are online.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great for my teenage son. He uses it for reading, playing games, and watching movies	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my granddaughter and she just loves it...so much I have to take on the week days ...	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this kindle works great for me I will be ordering another one today for my wife.	Lightning Charging Cable
 I needed a tablet to keep at the hospital during overnight stays so I decided based on price to get the kindle 8 and I am pleased I did! For only $89 the bright picture, sound, storage, and ease of use is well worth it.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a great tablet for downloading books & movies. It also takes pictures as well as surfing the web. All in all very satisfied with purchase	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very Nice upgrade! Love the speed to watch movies and to play games!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I broke my Fire 7 and decided to move up to the 8 and could not be more happy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for reading but love the extras. Works great! Great reading options.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I like my Amazon fire-easy to use - user friendly.I liked the size - 8"" . It has made my life much easier since having hand surgery! Easy to check my email and other uses!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Absolutely love my kindle. There was a glare on the screen when I was out in the sun, but once my eyes got adjusted it was just fine!	Wired Headphones
I was looking for a tablet within a reasonable price range, after doing a little research I decided to give the kindle a try and it was a GREAT decision! It has so many uses and makes it so much easier to get things done than using my phone. I would recommend for any age.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my new kindle. It was a birthday gift to myself. Best decision I could have made. A lot of bells and whistle. I love it because it was to navigate. Heck, I am doing this review on my kindle.	Wired Headphones
Best Fire tablet at a reasonable price. Much faster than the 7 inch.	Google Phone
I like the size of the device as well as the expandable storage	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my wife to replace her old one and she loved it	Wired Headphones
Good enough for the price. Great for Amazon subscriptions and Amazon shopping.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I enjoy the kindle fire but it is not meant for heavy lifting. Good for reading books and web searching but Amazon App store doesnt have many of the normal apps found in Google Play or Apple App Store. Great value for the price however	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
wonderful, I have 3 more at home, worth the money.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my second Amazon Fire. My first was the 7 inch and love the new 8 HD.	27in FHD Monitor
I am impressed with the quality and speed of this tablet. I was a little worried about not having access to the Google Play store, but this has not been a big issue so far. The speed, functionality, and battery life have exceeded my expectations.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for price. One should not expect the quality of iPad from this product	Google Phone
Bought the device as a gift for someone and so can't comment on the usage, however it was a good price for a device that seems very versatile to me.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my mom and she loves it. Very user friendly	Lightning Charging Cable
The only thing that I don't like about it is that the screen is not made to be seen in the sunlight. If I wanted to take it to the beach or poolside to read, I would not be able to see it in the sunlight. Otherwise it is terrific!	Wired Headphones
It's a nice updated tablet. No problems yet. Decent price for what you get	27in FHD Monitor
Replacement tablet for my wife - no complaints! She watches Netflix on it a lot.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was inexpensive, very lightweight, and performs just as good as the more expensive ones.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A rating of 3 starts is what I can give this product. The Fire HD8 show a nice picture and is used mostly to watch NetFlix. However, the Fire HD8 will restart when the battery indicators is at 35%. I am not sure what is causing the issue or why.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good product for listening to and reading books. Also works well when u don't want to carry an expensive and heavy laptop.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
We use this for streaming and games. It is a great value for the money.	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife got this for her Kindle books so she can read on the go	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Mom likes this allot, once she started using it. She was hesitant at first because it's something new! But that didn't last long.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice screen, got it at discounted price for my kid, replaced a smaller one he broke. Tip add a child proff cover. The migration executive experience amazing! Picked up from cloud and i was good to go!	Wired Headphones
Good features, good cost. Recommend to anyone looking for tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product... easy to use! Compatible with everything I want to use it for.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my son,, the size is perfect not too small not too big. Kid friendly..and easy to use. Overall o rate it 5 stars..no problems to list	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this to download books for school. Screen too small and OS was not to my liking	Flatscreen TV
If you want a simple tablet to watch shows and play games this is it. The constant ads from Amazon are annoying however.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this tablet. Easy to use. And price was right	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for tbe grandson to play games on. It is ok for that. I have had Nook tablets before and I think tbey are a little better than the Amazon. It does fine for what we bought it for.	iPhone
This is a great tablet for people that are new to tablets and do not want to spend much money on it.	Flatscreen TV
It's a very nice tablet and very economic tool, my kids enjoy it and I love the parental controls too	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a present for my son, but he seems to be enjoying it, so it must be ok	iPhone
Nothing but problems after a month. Luckily I could take it back and get a credit for the kindle to put towards an ipad. It started off working fine then after a month it started losing internet connection randomly (while the old ipad had no problems). Then it stopped charging, never got past 1%. Tried different outlets, different android chargers. Nothing. Worthless	iPhone
It's definitely a must have. I like to read books also browse social media and the web. Must have	Google Phone
I really was looking for a simple, cheap tablet to play games and mess around on. Screen is really nice and it serves it's purpose well. Video and games both work really well on them. The only real negative about the tablet is that the cameras are not good. I really don't need them so I don't use them and it's not a big deal for me.	Lightning Charging Cable
Our daughter loves her new tablet. It has a bigger screen more features and she just enjoys being on it. The kindle is priced right and is easy to use. She was able to get her apps transferred to her new tablet in no time. Great investment.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Best tablet for the money and then some, loads fast, good quality graphics too.	Flatscreen TV
I needed to upgrade my electronics since I haven't bought a tablet in a couple of years. What I had at home wouldn't stream what I wanted to see. I went in looking for a 10in and came out with this 8in after the sales assoc. showed me its features & answered my questions. Much more portable than a 10in would have been too.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you are looking for a tablet to read books, play games, watch netflix or amazon, and to travel with, look no further. This tablet has everything you need. it does not have the greatest camera, but you have a phone for that. No reason to spend more money on anything else.	Wired Headphones
You get what you pay for... This is not great, the functionality and limitations leave much to be desired. Should have spent more and got another Samsung Galaxy Tab.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for travel when you want to read in vacation.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I really love my kindle its easy to handle to. I have 3.	Lightning Charging Cable
was cheap, can not run chrome stuff, returned to store.	Flatscreen TV
Bought this for my mom as an upgrade to her older non-HD Kindle Fire and it is an improvement on all fronts - bigger better screen, better speakers, faster processor and updated operating system plus a slot for external storage. Great price for what you get.	Wired Headphones
Got this at a great price as a second tablet. The battery life is so good that I use when traveling for movie watching. Great screen and quick response times.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my amazon fire tablet. It's great to watch movies on and surf the web.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought my daughter the kindle fire so i purchased the kindle 8 for me	iPhone
Better than nook also cheaper. If toy areally looking to use as a tablet not the best choice. Great for reading and basic searching.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this tablet. Great price and does everything Iwas looking for in a tablet	Wired Headphones
All four of my kids have this Kindle. They does freeze every now and again, but overall they are great. The new camera is not a favorite. The last version camera was better.	27in FHD Monitor
My wife broke her kindle, so we tried the fire and she has loved it!	27in FHD Monitor
About what you'd expect from Kindle. Bluetooth connectivity, battery life all good	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this tablet to replace another one that had died. it works of my purposes but one thing to note this is an Amazon device and does not have google play services installed. all apps come from amazon market.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I enjoy using this Kindle fire 8"". The apps are easy to install, the screen is a great size. I can even use it without my glasses."	Wired Headphones
Got this tablet for my mother and liked it so much that I went and got one for myself! It runs fast for what I use it for!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my 13 yr. old God-child and she loves it. This was her Christmas present.	iPhone
Bought it for my wife she loves it and I would but one for my self too	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent value, great product. It has a really solid feel. I am very happy with the purchase.	iPhone
Have had a nook and this is easier to use and greater variety of uses and I greatly prefer it.	27in FHD Monitor
Great apps,ease of use,love the 8in screen, camera not that great, better pics on phones	Lightning Charging Cable
this a great tablet, my grandaughter uses the kindle settings for her little girl who is in pre school	Wired Headphones
This is an upgrade we purchased for Mom. She was able to use it with no problem. Alot like her previous Kindle	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very happy with the Kindle tablet! Bought it to replace an old Kindle tablet. Great tablet, serves the purpose well. Basic browsing, netflix and amazon videos.Only issue is my older tablet had a mini hdmi not this one, so screen connect is only through Amazon echo.Still a good tablet!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I use it to stream movies while on the tread mill at the gym	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great Tablet at a really great price. The best part is if you happen to break it just buy a new one	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this to replace one I had from about 6 years ago. Why did I wait so long. The newer models bigger screen is so nice and it's so much faster!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I HAVE NOTHING BUT GOOD THINGS TO SAY. I HAVE HAD NO PROBLEMS WITH THE TABLET AND IT KEEPS A GREAT CHARGE. GOT IT FOR A GREAT PRICE!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had bought this tablet for my sister who is wheel chair bound or she lays in her bed. She gets a lot of Joy from using the tablet.Its big screen helps her see things better.	USB-C Charging Cable
Upgraded from the original Kindle not sure why we waited so long.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great!! Would recommend for anyone looking for a good product. Very kid friendly!	Wired Headphones
WAS LOOKING FOR A NEW TABLET. .. GREAT PRICE FOR THIS ONE!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is perfect for him! Bought it as a reader for his books, which we either download from Amazon Prime or the local public library. Nice quality screen resolution, ease of use and durability are a plus.	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandson loves it, uses it all the time. Its great	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great reader and tablet enjoy the video graphics nice unit.	27in FHD Monitor
Really love my Fire HD. Very easy to browse the internet. Is an excellent EBook Reader. Amazon apps are great!	USB-C Charging Cable
The screen is big and the Kindle is easy to navigate. Having Amazon prime definitely makes it worth the investment	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my elderly non-tech friendly mom. Because it's so user friendly she's able to navigate it and enjoy its features without assistance.	ThinkPad Laptop
It is better than we expected and couldn't be happier.	Wired Headphones
We love this tablet. I bought it for my 4 and 6 year old daughters for Christmas. They have been able to used them with ease.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is for my 10 year old. Love the parental settings	Wired Headphones
This was my 3rd Kindle and 2nd Fire Kindle!!! I use it for EVERYTHING!!! Hardly use the laptop at ALL anymore. Would HIGHLY recommend!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Mainly used for reading kindle books, but tablet does many other things! Goes with me everywhere I go!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
When I decided on this I was shopping for something but didn't know what. After using I have decided this is it. Does all I need.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old granddaughters birthday and she loves it. Works well and it is easy for her to operate.	Wired Headphones
Got as a gift for my mom for Mother's Day . Really great	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This screen on the hd8 is a huge improvement over the past kindle or fire devices. The operating system is sometimes glitchy, but overall a nice system for the money.	Google Phone
Be sure to join Amazon Prime and have access to lots of free reading downloads	Macbook Pro Laptop
Affordable and kid friendly. My kids watch videos and play games on these a lot. Lots of apps, games and books to choose from!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet to replace my old kindle fire. So far, it has exceeded my expectations. All my apps have transferred flawlessly. The battery lasts me 10-12 hours, with moderate internet use. Glad I made this purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We needed a new tablet and after some research this one seemed to fit our needs. Would definitely recommend this to anyone that is looking for a tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
These two boys were thrilled with the Fire tablet. Every time I see them they are glued to the tablet. They both have said it is the best present EVER. Extra points to the grandfather on these gifts!	Google Phone
Unsure if I wanted to get another kindle or an Amazon tablet. Very happy with my purchase. Easy to use and a great price!	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great Amazon Fire HD8. I love the size. So much better than my first Kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
has good download speed. great color and clarity. sound also very good	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought for grandson ,he loves it's! He uses it daily after home work done.	Lightning Charging Cable
it was a good buy for when the had them on sale. I use it as my travel tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this Kindle Fire....I bought it as a reader but really about the only thing I can't do on it is make phone calls. Great price for a great product.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The Fire 8 was purchased for me for after I had a knee replacement. I used it to view and check my emails, facebook, Netflix, Xfinity movies and TV shows.	Wired Headphones
I had an older Kindle but it got a virus. The only thing I have against this one is that it gets very hot. Best Buy did not carry covers for it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
got as a replacement for young child. worked well for him.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great value tablet, great screen great apps. Highly recommend for media/games. I'll probably buy another	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought one for my son and he liked it so much we bought another one for my other son. We did upgrade to the 8 inch screen.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased it for in law. She loves it and has no problems with it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this as a Christmas present on Black Friday for an incredible price	LG Washing Machine
Easy to use and has a lot of games and books available. Good memory and you can't beat the price!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm planning on returning this tablet just as soon as I can!`	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought this to replace a 3-year old Kindle Fire 7"" HDX that I had just dropped on the floor. I sort of panicked, so after doing a couple of hours of research I picked this tablet. Just to be on the safe side I got 16 additional GB of memory. I installed a couple of games (none of them memory hogs) and a cookbook app, in addition to downloading a couple of books and dictionaries. I can honestly say this is the slowest tablet I've ever had. Just rotating the screen takes 7-10 seconds, and that's if there's only one app open. Opening a book or magazine can take half a minute, and God help you if you want to switch between a recipe and a magazine while you're cooking! Amazon is obviously more concerned about showing you constant special offers and apps than having satisfied customers. Since there are no other Fire tablets available for whatever reason (maybe they're being discontinued?) I'll be replacing it with either an iPad or a Galaxy tablet."	USB-C Charging Cable
Great starter tablet for any one looking to not spend much money.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this for a gift and my little niece got in love with it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"HD 8"" tablet 16G on sale for $64.99 thats $25 dollars less then ever before. And alexa included."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Glad I upgraded to the Fire Kindle as it is much easy to read on than the black and white Kindle I had previously. The color and graphics are very clear. It is easy to work on for many tasks, and the search mode is great.	USB-C Charging Cable
Overall I am satisfied with the tablet. Nice looking screen and decent sounding speakers. Loads of content kids and adults. Nice device!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is our first tablet, we were looking for a tablet to get us started and this is nice and inexpensive way to get started. We will use this for a while to get used to the whole app thing.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this to replace an older kindle that broke. It has more features, like front/ rear facing camera and better resolution screen. I feel like it doesn't work as well though. The screen doesn't always respond. The Internet freezes a lot. The colors seem to be a little off. All in all, still a decent piece for the price.	Vareebadd Phone
I purchased the Kindle fire to replace my iPad that stopped working. It is so much easier to use and lighter than an iPad. I wish I had purchased one years ago.	Wired Headphones
Kindles are easy to carry when traveling on long flights.	ThinkPad Laptop
Can't believe I waited so long to get a real e-reader. So easy to read from.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice tablet from Amazon, has a good screen on it and plenty of memory.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My grandson loves it! It's exactly what he needed. I'm very pleased with it, and so is he!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I loved my old kindle but this new kindle is easy to use and has added security that I didn't have with my old kindle.	iPhone
as above but interface is confusing and swipes are sometimes not recognized.	Wired Headphones
Great for games and reading. Price was great. Great battery life. Well worth the money.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its awesome and of course better than the last gen. Love the HD screen.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Picked this up in hopes the kids would read more than usual. It worked not only that but the entire family enjoys it.	ThinkPad Laptop
Perfect size. Exactly what I was looking for. Highly recommend this to anyone.	USB-C Charging Cable
It works fine, but sensitive to swipe on one side.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet has worked perfectly since I got it in April. The special offers are only on the lock screen and it works with all my apps. It's very responsive and the screen resolution is great.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use and great selection of books movies and games.	Wired Headphones
We got these as an upgrade for the kids' Kindle Fires. Work great and have had no issues.	Flatscreen TV
The specs are good, feels solid, can't stand the OS. Too many ads you can't get rid of, not as customizable as I'd like. If that doesn't bother you, it's a good tablet for the price. Don't expect to run games on it, not powerful enough for that.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought one and gave this one as a gift- much appreciated and great price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I needed something that's not an ipad for basic app use and it works great, minimal glare even with a screen protector (again, it's not iPad, but it's good for a tablet)	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy to use and does everything I need it to do. I use it to read emails and watch Netflix	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy to use. The Kindle app works well. Regular tablet search simple games email all work fine sometimes a little slow. I used this as my travel tablet and teader. The advertising is a pain but helps keep the price down.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Goo graphics and easy to use. Does much more than you think. A perfect gift.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great Fire tablet! Speedy service and experience! Bravo!	Wired Headphones
This is a cheap tablet but really worth for the price. I bought this when it is on sale for $69 + $40 for 128 GB SD card, you have a great tablet when plenty of space. I used ipad for a while but i think it is so overpriced . This tablet is a deal !!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Excellent replacemwnt for an older model of rhe kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is our 2nd one, my wife was using my most of the time, so I got her one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
good little tablet. I use it for entertainment. no issues hooking it up to my network.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It reads my textbooks to me while I play card games. Why did I wait so long to buy this thing? I should add that I am an Amazon Prime member so that might be needed to take full advantage of this feature. Cortonna will read all of my books to me. I didn't have to upgrade my books or pay extra per book.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my mom, so she could check facebook without getting on her computer. So far, no problems, even tho she's not tech savvy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Enjoy having a device that I did not have to pay for through the nose. Enjoy having a device that makes it easier to read on the go.	Wired Headphones
Great light weight tablet that uploads quickly. Would recommend.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I need a tablet for reading ebooks and search dictionary for new vocabulary. This one fit my need and it can also check email, listen music and go online searching stuff. I have iPad at home and put this at office, so I don't need to bring the same tablet back and forth. It suits my need very well.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a very responsive device for the amount paid	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Amazon - Fire HD8 - 8 - Tablet - 16GB - Wi-Fi - Black I purchased this for my sister. I really appreciate the Geek Squad for setting this product up for her and for teaching me how to use it. Now I can pass that I learned onto my sister.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Kindle was great purchase for both of my teenage sons.Great for use of apps and music. Good for everyday use. Would recommend to anybody.	Lightning Charging Cable
Inexpensive, but well built. Easy navigation. Streams movies well. Sound is decent, but requires headphones generally. Screen is good size and clear. Finding a case for this model is a challenge - I found on-line, but expensive considering tablet price. Universal cases don't work due to button placement.	Lightning Charging Cable
8 years old daughter is happy with this tables,work very well with wifi and is easy to download app.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Perfect for basic stuff, games and media. Reading, too.	Lightning Charging Cable
Fast working tablet but very limited on apps. I like it but it was not really for me. Only apps available were from the Amazon app store so many apps that I hoped to use were unavailable. So it is good for limited use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Purchased for book reading but works well as a tablet. Wasn't thinking that it would be a full replacement for my old IPad but working well as one.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Prior to using the device I decided to recharge it to 100% and was shocked to find out that it takes 6 hours. Unless you have a lot of time don't buy this device.	Lightning Charging Cable
whats to say.................................................it's Kindlelishous!!!!!!!!!!!!!	20in Monitor
I purchased this as a Mother's Day gift for my Mom in Florida. I don't have first hand experience with it but the price point is great and the other reviews seem solid. I did watch a few unboxing videos on youtube and it seems to be a great deal. Some people seem to have issues with the screen being too glossy but other than that I don't see a ton of other problems.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet has beautiful color graphics and is super thin. Easy to carry with you.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This fit my criteria of a low cost tablet that works well	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son loves his new tablet. He goes on it as soon as he gets home from school.	27in FHD Monitor
and it holds a LOT of data plus you can add more storage... been using it a lot.	27in FHD Monitor
Better than I expected. Parental control is an awesome feature.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was looking for a kids tablet for my grandson but this one is so much better because it can grow with him and it has a kids mode on it which is really nice so he can't order or go online without permission. He loves this tablet and it's very well build .	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought the Fire as an easy way for our 97 year old mother to see pictures of the family from all over the country. It was very simple to set up and learn to use. She plays games on it, as well......	Macbook Pro Laptop
Cant beat it for the money, plus its very durable....	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My 8 year old niece cracked her screen on her former tablet, I needed to get her a replacement. This tablet fit the bill exactly, a great screen, relatively fast CPU, and best of all, it's cheap!I was able to find instructions online for installing Google PlayStore, in which I then gave her the tablet. She loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the Amazon HD8! It is a great tablet for reading and surfing the web! It has a fast processor and amazing resolution. I would definitely purchase this product again.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great product for my 8 year & affordable.. had 2 months & no problems	Lightning Charging Cable
Great but I wouldn't use it for a sole purpose as being my primary tablet	Google Phone
A perfect tablet at a reasonable cost. Why pay higher prices for bells and whistles you don't use. The back lit feature is great for reading in low light conditions.	Flatscreen TV
I got a kindle fire when they first came out. Time to update and great choice, good graphic, great for catching up on your favorites show better than watching on a phone!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Fire HD is perfect for playing simple games and for streaming video while away from home. It's thin and light.	
Bought this for my daughter. She loves it. Wifi connection is great. She mostly uses YouTube and google. Love the easy way to control parental accounts from my account. Very useful. I did buy a cover to put on it, because it's so thin, I was afraid it would break.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this tab for my daughter's birthday.its got a good screen and sound for the price. I also play for the children's app freetime which is perfect for her.	USB-C Charging Cable
Really good tablet. Very nice picture. Really easy to use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I needed a kindle for my schooling so I decided to look into this and read some reviews. After reading the reviews I decided on this kindle and it is perfect compared to my other tablet.	Wired Headphones
Like the ability to play a game or 2 when I take a break from reading...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, light weight, fits in a small purse or bag.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like the Amazon Platform that it is on as it ties into my Amazon account.	Lightning Charging Cable
still learning new things about my tablet. very easy to use.. perfect size.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We have been using our Kindle Fire 7 for years and it wore out. We looked at replacing it with another Fire 7 until I saw the Fire 8. The display is great and the weight is not that big of a difference.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Enjoy the multifaceted opportunities that are available with the Kindle	Wired Headphones
This tablet is very easy to set up and use- it's just as advertised.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had the original Kindle and just decided to upgrade. It ​is a very functional and easy to use.	Wired Headphones
My 10 year old daughter loves it. Battery great to	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Several friends suggested I buy the Kindle Fire. I love it!! Great for traveling! I can check my email, update my Facebook status and read all from one device.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a new one but it stopped working....So I just went and bought a new one. Works great!!	Wired Headphones
Loved it very good screen quality and clarity, of course its amazon so alot of the regular google play store stuff from androids isnt Available, but they have there own version of stuff that is good also, my kids loved it, i loved it, i highly recommend buying it. But if your hooked on google play id go with a Samsung tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very lightweight and portable with excellent battery life.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like this so much more than the Voyage. The shape makes for easier holding. I only wish this devise was maybe 2 inches taller then it would look like a real book	Wired Headphones
Replacing older reader without a light and traveling overseas soon. With electronics in the cabin under scrutiny, this very small and very lightweight reader fits the bill! Perfect in small purses and large pockets. I can read without annoying seatmate with cabin overhead seat light. Easy to hold in either hand and screen adjusts for whichever direction you're holding it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my first e-reader. I didn't know about the odd refresh and it took a little while to get used to but I do love how small and light it is and that I do not have to remember to plug it in everyday	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This kindle is awesome. I love the design of it. Nothing software wise that was different than my other kindle but the way it's designed makes it much more comfortable and easier to read. The only reason I didn't give it five stars was because of the price. If it were cheaper, this kindle would have been five stars no doubt.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The new Kindle is a great gift and fantastic entertainment idea.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Met all my expectations! Lightweight and compact. I enjoy using the product.	USB-C Charging Cable
I thought long and hard about upgrading from my paperwhite, but decided to do so despite not beating able to actually see one in the store. I have owned a Kindle since the second generation version. This is by far my favorite. The look and feel are amazing. I don't regret the purchase one bit as I have the disposable income to do so, but for most the paperwhite will more than suffice at a significantly smaller price point.	Lightning Charging Cable
I own a Kindle HDX 8.9 and wanted something small and portable... WOW is all I can say when I got my hands on the Kindle Oasis ( Thank you Babes :) ). The Kindle Oasis is very tiny, portable & fits in about anything from a jeans back pockets to a very very small purse! The clarity of the screen is awesome. The touch of it works perfect! Very different than my HDX BUT I HIGHLY RECOMMEND it! A little more pricey than the paperwhite BUT this one already comes with the case and a built in battery in the case so you are set for long time reading & the price is fair since the others you would still have to buy a case for it! Keep in mind the case for the oasis is leather and you can choose from black, brown and red (red was my choice., which to me it's not red it's more of a wine red color) it's beautiful! Picture shows My Kindle Oasis in the middle of the IPhone 7 Plus (left) & Samsung S8+ (right) so you can get an idea on the size... it's super cute! It's tinier than the Kindle paperwhite!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got me reading again! Love the merlot cover. This one is the smallest of all the kindle products I believe, and that's a big reason I picked. Also the lightest I believe. Battery life is forever.Two negative points are the Amazon logo in the cover, and the fact you can't do inverted text (black background white text).Those 2 points dropped it from 4 to 5 star for me.Still highly recommended.	USB-C Charging Cable
easy to read books this way. enjoyable at night in the bedroom or outside in the afternoon.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased the Kindle Oasis because I was growing increasingly tired of the glare and cumbersome size of reading off my iPad. So the portability is great. And of course, I went for the most expensive, because I wanted the extra battery life. And while the length of time it stays charged is nice, charges very quickly, it's still overpriced. I love the non-glare screen, you can literally read this anywhere. But the wifi connectivity is patchy at best. I have to go upstairs in my home and stand close to the router for the Oasis to connect, this is very annoying. Wouldn't be a big deal if I only read from this one device. But I read from another and picking up where I left off is a pain most times. Non of my issues are really a big deal, but for $300 I don't feel like I should have any issues.	27in FHD Monitor
This is my second Kindle and I couldn't be happier . I couldn't believe I would be happy with something so small , but it is great And easy to take along anywhere .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I started to buy the Voyage but when I saw how close the price was to the Oasis, I decided to go ahead and buy the Oasis. So glad I did! I love the case and the physical buttons to turn the page. It is so lightweight and I love the option of the screen rotating whenI need to change hands. Awesome device!	USB-C Charging Cable
Was afraid to spend so much money for a kindle but so far I am glad I did. Love everything about it. The buttons to turns pages, screen resolution, lighting, how easy and light it is when you hold it. Case is beautiful. Enjoy reading on it.	iPhone
Great item! Would definitely recommend this item -- am still learning all the things about it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This product may be extremely overpriced, but it also lives up to everything it's promised. It's a lightweight, long-lasting ereader that is much easier on the eyes than an iPad. It is much lighter and more ergonomical than a paperback, and I find myself renting kindle copies of books I already own just to take advantage of the device's convenience.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Upgraded from my old Kindle keyboard. I love the ability to adjust brightness and font. I have small hands and this is not too big to hold in one hand. I was able to change the page turning buttons for left handed use. The charging cover last a long time. I wish there were more colors to choose from.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with; unsnaps constantly Amazon Customer Services promises it will resolved in an update"	Lightning Charging Cable
Its a great ereader but a little pricy. It has the same specs as the Voyage as far as pixels and procesor, which costs less. The only difference between this and the Voyage, is that it's much lighter, it's brighter (LEDs), and a longer battery life if you're using the cover. I've noticed the battery life drains much faster without the cover, but you'll still be able to read for hours without it. You would think it be water resistant, hence the name but it isn't. But then I don't plan on reading when it's raining or outside or while taking a bath. Overall, it's the best ereader Amazon currently has to offer but if you don't mind the price tag and want the best, then go for it! Voyage is still not a bad option though	20in Monitor
Great ebook for a beginner. Light and good looking	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have had a Kindle for some time and was curious about the Oasis. It did not disappoint. It is very compact, even with the cover, and fits in a coat pocket. I really enjoy the size and the redesign which brings back hard buttons. Great device for home or on the go.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Battery life is unreal! So much faster than my old kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This Kindle reader with cover attached is light weight and easy reading. Page turner is easy to use and it reverses so you can hold with either hand. I am very happy and satisfied with this product. Happy reading -	Apple Airpods Headphones
The new design, compared to my old kindle paperwhite and voyage, looked weird when I first got my Kindle Oasis. After I used it for a while (5 hours), I felt the design was kind of make sense. When I hold it with one hand (right hand), the centre of gravity position was right in my hand, so there was less change that I drop the kindle on my face(when I was laying on my bed, it happened a lot with my kindle voyage)	20in Monitor
"I've been a kindle owner since the early days and when new versions have come out in the past, it was usually a no-brainier to upgrade. The oasis was a little challenging because the price really makes you stop and think if this upgrade is worth it. After a lot of thought, the factor that convinced me to switch was the reappearance of the page turning buttons. I missed them since they vanished with the kindle keyboard! The paper white and the voyage were great devices but I often accidentally changed pages if I accidentally pinched the bezel when carrying the device or even just shifting positions on the couch. The Oasis' buttons have removed that issue and I am delighted! The weight and thinness of the device are also appreciated tho the paper white etc are pretty thin already. The addition of the cover is interesting but after a month's use I think it's pretty clear the cover/battery is there only to boost the very short-lived battery in the kindle itself. ""Months"" of battery life just seems impossible unless you keep the screen at low illumination and only read a few minutes a day. The screen is clear and bright, I can't see any LED issues others have complained about and the interface does seem snappier than older versions. Ultimately the only real justification for buying this kindle is if you miss the page turn buttons and want to pay top dollar for them. Otherwise, the existing kindles will meet your needs."	iPhone
I would definitely buy it again, but it does not have the ambient light sensor like the cheaper voyage does to turn the brightness up and down automatically in the dark or sun. For a product of this price, it shouldn't be missing any features. Otherwise it is great, light, and the text refreshes quickly and is crisp.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Very nice Kindle with a great Battery life. My old kindle was not able to upgrade so I got the new Kindle and very pleased with the product. Arrived as promised from BESTBUY.COM.	Flatscreen TV
This is a great device. It is ultra light, and a pleasure to use. It also has a very satisfying premium feel. The price, of course, is not worth it.. unless you can afford it. There are cheaper models of the kindle with similar screen resolution....but if you CAN afford it, I highly recommend it.	Google Phone
Th size difference is noticeable and squarish rather then rectangular, which I prefer. The Kindle unit itself is rather nice, the auto rotate and adjust being the best part. I returned this item b/c the cover is flimsy. and I was afraid I would drop it and break the kindle.	USB-C Charging Cable
lightweight and convenient to use. love my new kindle	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this as a gift for my wife and she loves it. She has an older Kindle, and she can't believe how much better the Oasis is.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kindles are an excellent device for all book lovers	Flatscreen TV
Great for reading in the sunlight. As well as light, and easy on the wrist. Great product, but a little speedy.	Lightning Charging Cable
As a previous several Kindle device owner I read a lot of reviews, many of them put the Voyage above it for various reasons, mainly price, or battery charging. But, after reading the pros and cons of both I still decided the Oasis was the direction I wanted to go, I could always return it and get the Voyage after all if I didn't like it. It's light, very well lit, comfortable to hold both in the case and out of it. The buttons improve the page turning experience, I see no dark areas on my screed from the LED lights, it holds a great battery charge (true not as good as my previous Kindle, but I still generally get around 3 weeks between charges), and it looks absolutely beautiful. I am very happy with this purchases and am glad I purchased the Oasis over the Voyage. It's expensive, and that's the major con, but if you want the best reading device this is it and worth it if you read enough.	iPhone
New to eBooks and researched available eReaders and tablets. What I like best about the OASIS is the weight (lightest on the market), battery life (measured in weeks not hours) and the capability to use it in bright sunlight. Recommend it for all.	27in FHD Monitor
I am a book addict and this is my 4th kindle device. This is by far the best one. It is so compact it is almost smaller than my large wallet. Can fit anywhere. Holds a charge incredibly well and very nice display to make reading fun.	Lightning Charging Cable
I read a lot and have loved my kindle paperwhite and used it all the time. I didn't think it could get any better! I read all about the kindle Oasis and it sounded great but the price was freaking me out and I kept thinking I really didn't need it! Well I finally talked myself into just trying it and after just taking it out of the box and holding it I was sold. It is so lightweight and so easy to hold and the screen is wonderful! The charging case is so convenient and so easy to take off and put on and it really looks nice. I never keep it on when I'm reading which keeps the kindle oasis light. I am so glad that I went for it and bought it. I want to read more than ever now. It is always in my purse. Believe me, I am not made of money in the least but I am so glad that I purchased this. If you are an avid reader you will be too!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent reader night or day, sunshine or shade. Not as full function as earlier kindels	USB-C Charging Cable
There's no doubt that this is the best Kindle device available. The battery life is astonishing, and the design is unique and extremely ergonomic. Holding this in your hand is such a pleasurable experience, it fits like a glove. So what are the cons you may ask...For one, the battery life depends on the provided case. It acts like a travel charger in a sense. Why a con? Well, it limits your customization options. And there's no way to purchase other colors or replacements for it at this time. So, you best be cautious with it.And two, the price obviously! But if you take into account that you basically are given a premium case, the device itself is a premium device, and you have a traveling charge inside the case...It may almost even out. But a $290-$350 device is hard to justify when it's just for reading.Still would recommend to any fan of e-readers/reading	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice device. But only minimally better than the Voyage.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
've owned the Kindle Keyboard, 2nd generation Paperwhite and now the Oasis. I love the Oasis very much. The ergonomic design is wonderful and makes it a breeze to hold. It is so light -- that is the biggest killer feature of the Oasis. The 10 LEDs look fantastic and I love the return of page buttons. I've never had one where the screen is flush with the bezel so this is great. All in all, this is easily the best Kindle ever made and even though it's a bit spendy, it will be the one future Kindles are measured against.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have had every kindle since the first and this is by far the best. The screen was already great on the Voyage but the front light on this screen is more white and more evenly distributed. Physical page turn buttons are so much better than none or the haptic feedback type. They didn't include the automatically adaptive front light for some reason but I don't think I'll miss it much as I was always wont to fiddle with it on the Voyage anyway.But this device made me smile as soon as I held it for the first time because it has a larger bezel that you can really grip comfortably without touching the screen. Maybe this isn't a big deal for most, but that is exactly why I spent the money to get this device.The other thing I was hoping for was the ability to use the upper page turn button to go forward and this device does that and even better because it is software configurable.The cover is very small and light and doesn't add much bulk like the Voyage Origami case does. The only downside is that it doesn't work as a hands free stand for reading.(I still wish it was waterproof)	Lightning Charging Cable
"Despite not being able to get one of these from Amazon until late June due to apparent strong demand, Best Buy was able to get one to me on the day of its release, April 27. Well done Best Buy! Having owned several previous Kindles, including the most recent Paperwhite model, I was unprepared for how small and light this new Oasis model is -- reading about it is one thing, but actually holding one in your hand is something else entirely. The Oasis and its battery-charging cover together weigh only one ounce more than the latest Paperwhite with no case. The Oasis _without_ its cover feels impossibly light at 4.6 ounces. Size-wise, the Oasis is nearly a square shape at about 5"" wide by 5.5"" tall. In fact, the shape is so different from traditional Kindle designs that I had to compare it next to my Paperwhite to verify that the screens are actually the same size (they are). It's the first Kindle I think I could easily fit into a jacket pocket without any effort, For frequent travelers like me, this is a key reason to buy one of these, as it's extremely compact and easy to pack in a briefcase or purse. The screen is the first front-lit Kindle I've ever seen where you simply cannot see any trace of the LEDs from any angle. No dark spots, no bright spots...just a completely uniform illumination from edge to edge in both directions. The ""page"" also appears to be nearly flush with the top glass surface, helping achieve the illusion of printed paper. It's sharp and clear, better than any Kindle I've used. The reader can be easily separated from the battery case by simply pulling them apart, since they are held together with magnets. After doing so, this is where the Amazon engineering team's achievements really become clear, as you just won't believe how lightweight this thing is. It's easy to imagine holding onto it for hours without any arm fatigue, and switching from hand to hand is a simple matter of rotating it 180 degrees when switching. The display instantly rotates, and the page turn buttons also ""follow"", with the top button always used to advance the page, and the bottom button always used to go backward. You can also use the screen to change pages as you always have with earlier touch screen models. The battery on the reader has a lower capacity than the cover's battery, so it runs down faster if you don't have it connected to the case. It's very easy to snap the reader back into its cover, which allows it to recharge while you continue to read. The power button and charge port are located in the upper top-right corner, more or less opposite from where they are on the Paperwhite. I find this location to be less awkward, as it's easier to reach on the top than it is on the bottom edge. The back surface of the reader (not the case) seems to easily attract fingerprints, and they are not so easy to clean off. You'd think that Amazon would have figured out a way to prevent this by now. It's a minor annoyance. Lots of reviewers in the tech press have complained loudly about this model's high price relative to other Kindle models (without ads, it's $310 vs. $139 for an ad-less Paperwhite). Is this a lot of money? Perhaps, but if you are a book addict and value an extremely lightweight reader that's easy on both your arms and your eyes, then I personally think it's worth it. A lot of thought and effort clearly went into designing and building this unit, and the price reflects that. Is it for everyone? Probably not, but there is obviously a market for it when you consider how many months you'll have to wait to get one on Amazon's website. If you are a serious reader, this device deserves a very close look -- I'm definitely keeping mine!"	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I got oasis yesterday, very lighweight compared to voyager, screen size comparable, like having actual page turn button, touchscreen seems kinda slow, the on/off button on top is improvement from back of voyager. cover does seem kind of flimsy, but supposed to be leather so will see how it holds up. finding it easier to hold with cover on, then removed. cover doesn't have separate charge port, so all charging is done thru kindle.	USB-C Charging Cable
BestBuy delivered this on the day of release. Amazon still seems to be back-ordered. It is a great product. Nice and light with uniform screen and snappy performance.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my wife and she loves it. Compact library on the go for an avid reader.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Kindle Oasis is phenomenal... It is portable size so it fits almost anywhere when I travel, the book-like screen doesn't bother my eyes after long periods of time of reading, I can modify the font and size to my wants and needs, you can conveniently connect to your Goodreads account to view your bookshelves and all of my purchases sync perfectly. The color Merlot is beautiful and I've had it for three months and traveled with it and there have been no damages. The battery life is so long I have only charged it three times since owning it and I read anywhere from 3-5 hours a day. Completely user friendly.	Lightning Charging Cable
Small, light, but comfortable to hold with either hand. If you keep it in airplane mode with medium lighting, the battery last for weeks. Lovin' it so far.	Wired Headphones
Would give it a 5 star if the battery lasted as long as they claim. But it's worth the extra charging times for the nice design. So light and easy in your hand especially without the cover. But, using the cover is comfortable as well. The leather cover smells a bit when it arrives but I let it air out for a few days before using it and now it's fine. Nice quality leather and I love the merlot color. The page turn buttons are easier to use than the buttons on the voyage. Screen looks the same even though they claim there are more backlights on this one. I'm very happy with my Oasis.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Almost feels like reading a book in a light comforting way. Easy to carry around. Great on eyes and reading is enjoyable	Wired Headphones
When they first announced the Kindle Oasis, I did not have much of a desire to upgrade from my 1st generation Kindle Paperwhite. Just as I felt when they announced the Voyage.I read a lot, so my Kindle travels with me throughout the day most of the time. I have never had an issue with battery life, I have only had it get really low a few times (typically when I was traveling). So again, I originally did not see a lot of the value to the Oasis.As the reviews for the Oasis came out, I started to realize what I did not like about my Paperwhite, and I began to have an interest in upgrading my Paperwhite to the either the Oasis or possibly the Voyage. The main thing I noticed is that I took my Paperwhite out of the Amazon case quite a lot, especially when I was in a seated position. This slight reduction in weight made it much more comfortable to hold for longer reading sessions. I had some other minor issues with my Paperwhite, like when reading in the dark, I couldn't find an adjustment for the light that I preferred (5 was a little too dim and 6 was a brighter than I needed). I decided to pass on the Voyage because I really did not like the case options and the pressure sensitive page turn option.Now that I have the Oasis, I definitely think it was worth it for me. I really appreciate the reduced weight when the cover is off (not to mention the ease of removing the cover compared to the Paperwhite). It provides the same reading experience, although I did get a resolution upgrade compared to my older Paperwhite, which is a plus.The Oasis is really comfortable in my hand, which helps me forget that it is there. When I was holding my Paperwhite with my left hand, at times I would accidentally go back a page, which drove me crazy even though its just a minor inconvenience.I have the black model because it was the only option available unless I was willing to wait a few more months. The build quality of the Oasis and its case is very nice, just like with the Paperwhite and the amazon leather case for it. The only concern I have is how well it will protect the Kindle. I will update the review if I find this to be a problem.I loved my Paperwhite, and I will recommend it to anyone looking to upgrade from an older Kindle or buying one for the first time. It definitely is great and the better buy, but I am glad I decided to order the Oasis. The reduced weight, ergonomic design, and page turn buttons make it worth the added cost.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 2 and am returning them both. Both had lighting issues. On the first one, one half of the screen had a white/blue tint and the other half was more of a yellow tint. When i flipped the device upside down to rotate to use with my other hand, half of the screen went much darker than the other. I returned it because I had read there were some that had lighting issues and bought another one. My second one was worse. You could see little half moons going down one side. That one also had a much yellower tint overall than the first one.I found it not easy to hold unless it was in the charging case. It was too slippery and, weird to say, small for me. I'm a female with average sized hands.I think what I really did love was the charging case and the size for transport purposes. Maybe when they make a few tweaks and lower the price I might try again.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"With the cover attached, the battery lasts for a good, long period. With the cover detached (which is how I use it primarily), the Oasis is so thin that it is almost weightless in your hand. The ability to switch hands (flip upside down) means one never seems to tire of holding the device to read a book; and, it fits into my pants pocket, again, perfect for traveling. The battery seems to last with heavy usage for at least several days, but I tend to reconnect the cover at night (I am assuming that helps to recharge the basic Oasis battery). Regardless, it was well worth replacing our older Kindle readers with the newer Oasis (we bought two)."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to carry in purse or pocket but doesn't do anything better than the cheapest Kindle reader.	USB-C Charging Cable
I debated buying the new Kindle Oasis, since I've owned every Kindle since the first release. It was worth the money, as the form factor is the best yet... it's comfortable to hold in one hand, and the text is crisp and easy to read.	USB-C Charging Cable
Even when I’m outside in bright sunlight, the words of the book I’m reading are still crystal clear. That alone makes the Kindle Oasis worth what it cost me.The Kindle Oasis wakes up in just seconds, and any book I choose instantly opens, ready to be read.It is the perfect size and isn’t heavy or bulky. I really do read for hours at a time. Sometimes I pace the floor while I read. Sometimes I’m on my elliptical machine when I read. And sometimes I’m sitting down. No matter what I’m doing, the Kindle Oasis remains comfortable to hold, and it is always easy on my eyes.When I receive a book that is in PDF, most of the time I can enlarge the words. If it won’t allow me to enlarge the words, I can change the orientation of the page and the words are automatically larger. I am able to make notes on the book if needed, and I can highlight words and/or passages.My merlot leather cover is attractive. When I flip it open, it is just like opening the cover of a book.How to Make the Battery LastOn the Kindle Oasis page, it says that its “dual-battery charging system delivers months of battery life.” This was a huge thing for me. Instead of having to charge my tablet almost every day, I would be able to read for months without charging the Kindle!Is this how my Oasis has performed? Well, not so much. There are conditions that have to be met for the charge on your Oasis to last for two months.First, you have to limit your reading to thirty minutes a day. That one is impossible for me. There are days that I am only able to read for thirty minutes, but they don’t occur very often. My Kindle goes everywhere with me, and I use just about every spare moment to read.Second, the wireless needs to be turned off. That one is easy to do but not always easy to remember. The only time the wireless needs to be on is to download one or more books.Third, this is based on your light setting at 10. That is way too low for me. I keep my light setting anywhere from 16 to 18.I don’t limit my reading to thirty minutes a day, and I try to remember to keep my wireless turned off. My light setting is kept anywhere from 16 to 18, and I put my Kindle to sleep the second I’m done reading. So how long does a single charge last me? Ten days is the longest a charge has lasted me so far, but it would have kept a charge for several more days if I had remembered to turn my wireless off. Once I succeed in keeping my wireless off, I will let you know how long the charge lasts.Now, I don’t plug it in to charge as soon as the charge on the cover gets low. I allow my cover charge to go as low as it will possibly go and then the Kindle battery will start to drain since it can no longer charge from the cover. I allow it to drain down to about 50% before I plug the cover and Kindle into my computer to charge.The one thing that surprised me was that everything on the Oasis is in black and white. For some reason, I thought that maybe the book covers would appear in color. But since I bought the Oasis to read books on, color isn’t needed.Special offers do appear on my screen but only when my Kindle is going to sleep or waking up. They aren’t a distraction, and to be honest, they are kind of fun to look at. You can pay a higher price so they won’t appear on your Kindle if you would rather not see them.I asked myself some questions once I had my Kindle and knew just how it worked. If I had known before I bought my Kindle Oasis that the charge wouldn’t last for months, would I still have bought it? Yes, I would have. If I had known that everything would appear in black and white, would I still have bought it? Yes, I would have.	Wired Headphones
Easy to handle. Light weight. I like that it automatically shuts off when the cover is closed.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my wife to upgrade from the original Kindle that she has worn out. Big step up from the original and should be good for another 8-10 years.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love the snap on cover that charges the kindle. It is also very light.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Wife love it, reads a lot and this is her go to reader.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is my third Kindle. The best differentiator is the form factor. Definite improvement over the paperwhite. Also like having the page-turn buttons back. Case is very cool indeed. If you can get past the jump in price (remember you're not having to buy the case separately), it's a quality product to have.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was so looking forward to this that I bought it right when it popped up as available on Best Buy. This is obviously the most refined Kindle on the market as of now. The ergonomics are just perfect, as there is no other Kindle or any ebook reader for that matter that is as easy to use single handed as this one. Fits perfectly in the palm and the page turn buttons are a joy to use.The charging case can be removed while reading and it snaps back easily, you do not have to deliberately align it properly. Once the case is connected it starts charging the Kindle which prolongs its battery life.In short, if you are an avid reader and can spare $290, this is the Kindle to buy. For occasional readers it might not make sense to spend so much and the Kindle Paperwhite should do just fine.	Wired Headphones
I have used Kindle e-readers since Amazon introduced them years ago. All are good products and each new model has been a worthwhile upgrade. The Oasis is no exception, even from the highly touted Voyage model. It is expensive but the lightweight design, improved backlighting and battery cover are worth the additional expense for someone who reads frequently. This is definitely a good investment!	Product
This is my 4th kindle and is easily the best one I've ever had. It is very comfortable to hold and is very compact. I was surprised how small it is but has the same screen size as my other kindles. It may look costly at first but remember you are getting a cover with additional battery.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is the best kindle ereader yet. The size and weight make it perfect for comfortable reading. You will find yourself reading more books than ever with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Actually easier to hold than a paperback, and might even be lighter!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
	LG Washing Machine
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
http://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Wireless-Reader-Wifi-Graphite/dp/B002Y27P3M	Product
	Google Phone
http://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Wireless-Reader-Wifi-Graphite/dp/B002Y27P3M	20in Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
http://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Wireless-Reader-Wifi-Graphite/dp/B002Y27P3M	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
http://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Wireless-Reader-Wifi-Graphite/dp/B002Y27P3M	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
http://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Wireless-Reader-Wifi-Graphite/dp/B002Y27P3M	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
http://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Wireless-Reader-Wifi-Graphite/dp/B002Y27P3M	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
http://www.amazon.com/Kindle-Wireless-Reader-Wifi-Graphite/dp/B002Y27P3M	Apple Airpods Headphones
I woke up to a nice surprise this morning: a new kindle as a gift. I have an iPad and a Kindle DX, but I guess someone heard my complaints of them being too heavy and difficult to do extended-reading on. Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love my iPad and DX, but this new generation of Kindle is perfect for reading outside and for long periods of time. The iPad gets completely washed out in sunlight and often irritates my eyes staring at it for more than a couple of hours. The DX was my go-to device for those extended/outdoor reading periods, but now I have a new friend for reading novels. Instead of a replacement, this one seems more like a companion to the other devices and is a different class. The iPad works great for web browsing, shopping, productivity, games, etc while the Kindle falls short in those areas. The Kindle works great for reading novels, where the iPad falls short. For those that love to do extended-reading of magazines, newspapers, research articles, etc, I find that the DX is the go-to device.br /br /Without a doubt, the size and weight of the new kindle is the biggest draw for me. It's smaller than the last edition by a significant margin. I've played around with the Kindle 2 and was impressed, but now looking at the size of the new Kindle, I'm blown away. It's the absolute perfect size. Smaller would be unmanageable and larger wouldn't feel nearly as good. This is a device that you can hold up, read, and just forget that it's there. Compared to other e-readers I've tried, it's much smaller and much lighter.br /br /One of my biggest complaints about the previous generation Kindles and the DX is the speed. It sometimes takes a while after you push next page' for it to actually change.Read more	Apple Airpods Headphones
I use to hate to read but now that I have my Kindle and I can change the size of the font so this old lady can see the words better I love to read.	Lightning Charging Cable
All of them quit working. There's absolutely no way to revive them once that battery loses power If NOT charged immediately, if even just a few weeks go by, NO HOPE of ever using your Kindle again. A major flaw	Flatscreen TV
I recently ordered my 8th Kindle. It was to replace my 7th Kindle which I unknowingly crushed. I love the Kindle Keyboard as my clumsy old hands tremble too much to type on a touch screen. For me, newer is just more frustrating. However, new Keyboard Kindles are scarce on the ground, so I got a reconditioned one. I noticed on my account page that Amazon recognized my new Kindle as soon as I bought it. When it arrived, however, it was not registered to me and it claimed it could not connect to my home WiFi. So I called my internet provider. I waded through that companys automated menu beginning with press 1 for English. That irritates me as I think English should be the default language in this country. But pressing on, I provided my 9 digit phone number, my 10 digit account number, my 9 digit zip code, my address, my 8 digit birthday, and the name of my favorite pet, my first car and my oldest nephew. Then I listened to an automated menu that had a 9 item selection none of which exactly fitted the problem I was having. After all this, I was asked if I would provide feedback after the call. I know this company and I was sure I would have comments to make, so I pressed 1 for yes. Then instead of finally letting me speak to a person, the automated voice directed me back through the forest of numbers I had already provided. Patiently I retyped all I had already typed. This time I was cannier. I refused the opportunity to give feedback and was finally connected to a person a person with a strong foreign accent and a bad phone connection. Didnt I press 1 for English After struggling for several minutes I begged for a supervisor as I could not understand the English spoken by this person. I was eventually routed to three other people with a hold time between each new connection as each person I spoke to did not handle my problem. I asked for phone numbers every time so I could reconnect if my call was disconnected accidentally. Finally I found a person who could help and did indeed get a connection established between my Kindle and my WiFi. I again asked for a telephone number in case I had further problems. Im sorry. I do not have a phone number that you can call to connect directly to me. Well, I should have known. I had been on the phone for 50 minutes.Then my Kindle would not download my archived items. So I contacted Amazons Help Line. I got an American in the first minute. I did not have to press anything I explained my problem. The Amazon American fiddled with a few buttons on his end and my Kindle began working correctly. I was on the phone for 4 minutes.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great. Love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I researched the purchase of a Kindle for a long time. I couldn't decide whether or not it was worth buying a dedicated e-reader. Boy am I glad I made this purchase. The downside to Amazon's online selling of Kindle 3 is that the customers don't get to see it in person. It is much better in person. This may sound stupid, but when I got my new Kindle, I thought there was a stuck-on overlay on the screen containing a diagram of the unit's buttons, etc. I actually tried to peel it off. Doh! The e-ink on this unit is THAT good. I didn't realize that I was staring at the actual display. I also didn't realize that no power is required until the display changes. (thus the great battery life) I do a lot of reading, but was facing the prospect of reading less or buying large type books because of my variable and deteriorating eyesight. The new Kindle has been a godsend. Now, I can decide the size of type I need depending on my level of fatigue among other things. The weight and ergonomics are very good. For someone, like me, with neuropathy in his hands, it is extremely easy to manage and enjoyable to own. To me, it is easier to read than print books. The ease of navigation is great as is the speed. The battery life, so far, has been extraordinary. It easily connected to our home Wi-Fi, which by design does not broadcast an SSID. It downloads books so fast that I almost thought they were not completely received. I did not buy the 3G version because of the price difference and the fact that there is no coverage where I live. If you are not constantly traveling, I don't see the need to spend the extra bucks, but that is a matter of personal choice. For those who have no Wi-Fi at home, remember that you can always download the material to your computer and transfer it via USB.Read more	27in FHD Monitor
This thing has captured my wife's heart. She reads every where, all the time. Vacation, on the way to church, At bedtime and far beyond. Books are so easy to get from the kindle itself It fits in her purse, I have to repeat everything , I always get, right after this chapter . Do not buy this for someone you want share LIFE with.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got my Kindle a few years ago and barely used it. Recently I discovered it again and have been using it daily, always in a hard protective case as it has been from day 1. Yesterday I opened the cover ready to read and discovered the screen had apparently cracked, seemingly for no apparent reason (no extreme temperatures, dropping, pressure, etc.). A quick Google search revealed this is a common problem, especially for my model, which made me think Amazon would replace the device for me due to the obvious design flaw. Not a chance though. Despite endless reports of this problem popping up through simple internet searches the representative I spoke to denied this was a common problem and was only able to offer me a very slight discount on a new product. Not sure it is worth the investment again - thinking it is better to stick to reading on my iPad, which is equipped with indestructible Gorilla Glass. Bottom line: do not buy a Kindle if you want a lasting product	USB-C Charging Cable
It was excellent for me in one moment when I was able to use it onboard cruise ship while ship was in international water with it's own 3G or EDGE cellphone network. Once they stop this way of using around 5 months ago, now I can use it only when I am in the states.	20in Monitor
Bought for my husband for Christmas and I have to admit that I use it much more than he does, I love this product even though it has been updated with newer versions. I like to have something with just books. Easy to use, screen is easy to read, battery life long. I use it at the beach and for travel. Nice to have	Wired Headphones
It simply works even after 3.5 years of constant use. The battery is OK. Display looks the same. System is stable and reasonably responsive.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I would highly recommend them to everyone. Got it when I was told that I would get it. Very happy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Through all of my research this was the best value for what I was looking for in an e-reader with additional options I was not sure I would use or not. Turns I do because of the ease of usage.	Wired Headphones
Pretty decent tablet. Good for mindless games and Netflix. You get what you pay for.	USB-C Charging Cable
Much more memory that my prior kindles. Luv that I can add a sd card for extra storage	27in FHD Monitor
good quality, low cost compare to iPad, i like this.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was going to have to be face down after eye surgery recently and decided to get a tablet to be able to look at the internet and movies on something other than my phone. While there are ones which have more features (and better software), the Fire HD8 had a good price and was available. It had gotten good reviews, and it performs well, with great battery life. If you're looking for a good, basic tablet, this is a nice option.	Google Phone
I love the tablets HD picture is beautiful. The fire tablet is very fast to load and is easy to use. Great tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is very nice for a little over 100.00 dollars. It took a bit to get use to after using a iPad. I got this to travel with or take to the beach nice size very lightweight.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I couldn't get the tablet to work with my WiFi so I returned it and bought a Samsung A-8.	Wired Headphones
This tablet is small, compact and easy to handle. It's easy to figure out the main functions. My one complaint is that it does not support some big apps such as Dropbox or Google Drive.	Wired Headphones
I'm a Windows person & this is not Windows. I'm still learning. I am happy with the size as it fits easily in to my purse, but I HATE touch items - I always seem to touch the wrong area (like spelling something, I go for a letter & get one of the letters next to - so it slows down my typing - one of the reasons I don't have a smartphone). All in all it's pretty good. I guess I would recommend it because it's the way this world is turning. However, they don't make a glass protective screen cover - only plastic.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Ordered for my daughter to replace an older version and she loves it. Larger screen and colored case are a big plus.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have not set up tablet, geeks squad to do so Monday April 3 2017	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Have been using this for a while and never believe it would be so handy and helpful. Product features are good and is quite handy to carry anywhere.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I love the internet, tweeting and facebook. No computers can complete me!! My kindle takes care of all my needs ;) !!!Juju"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like it. It keeps my granddaughter business and great apps too.	27in FHD Monitor
She loves it, the only problem I have is getting it away from her, even while riding in vehicles. LOL	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.	Google Phone
Wife really likes it. Works great& likes the front & back camera.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this kindle for my 11yr old granddaughter for Christmas. Me and my husband both had kindles several years prior, and she and my 6 year old grandson love watching and playing on them. Both children have all kinds of game systems but use the kindle way more. My 6 yr old grandson still plays with mine and loves watching you tube, videos and playing games on it. He has several game systems, Xbox, sega, ds but still uses my kindle all the time over those systems.my husband used his all the time for everything from internet to watching movies and shows. I'm getting ready to buy my grandson a new kindle( mine is a bit older and has cracked screen now but still works good).He would like one to call his own. I'm looking at a 16 GB or 32 GB.they are really durable and tough.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my first Fire Kindle. I love it. It is fast, and has good internet. It gives me quick access to all my Kindle library. I found out it's easier to scroll through the pages than when using Kindle Touch.	Wired Headphones
Fast on internet, easy connection. Easy to use. Clear display. Was looking at iPad mini. After reading reviews of both Kindle fire and iPad I bought the Kindle for so much less $$$ And I don't have to put up the Apple's native apps etc.	Google Phone
Thanks. We really like this tablet . It's easy to use	iPhone
All I wanted was a Kindle to read books. I got this instead!! Excellent choice because I can read books and do so much more!!	Wired Headphones
I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this Kindle. There are to many apps and games offered for download. Love the book selection Easy to navigate The charger seems a bit loose, though	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the ease of use and good support from Amazon. A reasonable price for a versatile tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is excellent considering the price. It has a very clear display, is a fairly large tablet, and has plenty of memory to store a lot of apps, music, pictures and more. Considering the price, this tablet has the best value out of all tablets to date in my opinion.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I've had lots of tablets in the past, mostly from the Samsung line, but this is my first Amazon Fire, so I want to write this review for others who have never tried one of these. At the time that this was written, Alexa had not been added to the tablet.First, while this device runs an Android type of operating system, Amazon puts its own spin on the operating system. I don't feel like I'm using Android. This feels different to me. It doesn't have the same level of customization that Android users have come to appreciate. That being said, if you are an Amazon Prime member, this device has been tailored to be your content entertainment machine. It's simply a fun way to consume your magazines, books, etc.There are 3 on-screen buttons on the bottom of the device. The middle button immediately takes you to your home screen. The button to the left acts as a sort of ""back"" button. It also lets me get rid of my keyboard when I don't need it on screen, but it's open. The button to the right is super important. It took me a couple of days to realize what it does. That square shaped button is what you press you see what apps you have open. It lets you switch between apps, but it also lets you see which apps you have open and close them out. You can close them by pressing the ""X"" button in the corner of the window that appears or by touching the app window and swiping to the right. If you leave all of those apps open and you never close them, you'll drain your battery. Make sure you use that little square button to clear your apps.The device has several menus that you swipe left to view. First, you start with your home screen. You literally can stay on this screen and do anything you need to do on the tablet. All of your apps are housed here. You swipe up to view all of them. The tablet comes with several apps pre-installed such as Slik, Amazon's own internet browser, Audible, Good Reads, the Amazon app store, a weather app, etc. You can go to the Amazon app store to download other apps such as Twitter, Facebook, etc. You can combine the apps on this page into folders. You just drag one app to another app and a folder appears. This made my home screen much more manageable. You can change the size of the font on the home screen from normal to large or small in the device settings. This feature doesn't necessarily increase the size of the font within your apps, however. I believe it only changes the font on your main screens.If you have a magazine or newspaper subscription that is connected to your device, when you have a new issues, it will show up at the top of your home page screen under the heading of ""new items."" The device comes with a free 6 month subscription to the Washington Post. You'll see that under ""new items"" when you initially activate your tablet.You can change the wallpaper on the screen to use one of your own photos. You can do this through the settings menu on the device. If you want to use one of your own photos, however, you need to either take it on the device or move it into Amazon's Photos app, which is a cloud-based app.So far, I haven't found a way to effectively use a different photo management app that will let me change my wallpaper. I'm not crazy about the Amazon Photo app. I found it annoying to move my photos from my phone into Amazon's cloud just so I could view them on my tablet. That being said, I'm not planning to take photos on this device. I just wanted a few pet photos on there and the ability to change my wallpaper.Beyond the home screen, you can swipe to the right to view your other screen. They are pre-arranged to be: books, videos, games, shop, apps, music, audiobooks, and newstand. All of those screens are connected to your Amazon account. For example, if you have Kindle books you've already purchased, they automatically will appear under the Books menu. Your magazines and newspaper subscriptions will appear under the newstand menu. There doesn't seem to be a way to change the order of the menu pages. That bugs me, but it's not the end of the world. There's also one menu to the left of the ""home"" menu. It's the ""recent"" page. It shows you what you've received looked at on the tablet. I never use it, but it might be handy for some people.One of my favorite features of this tablet is Amazon's ""On Deck"" capability. If you're an Amazon Prime member, Amazon will periodically download a video to your device that it thinks you might like. The items don't count against your pre-installed memory and they automatically deleted off if your memory starts getting full. You can turn off the ""on deck"" feature if you don't like it. I've been content with the video playback capability. This isn't my major use of the device, but the images look fine and the audio is OK. I'll talk more about the speakers later. My other favorite feature of this tablet is viewing magazine content through the Newstand. I've tried 3 magazines on here and they all look gorgeous. Now, I can always have my magazines with me so if I'm stuck at the airport or at the doctor's office, I always have them. One of my regular magazines includes a free digital version of the magazine for free. I just had to connect my account to the device. This allows me to download the back issues of the magazine for as long as I've had an account. My other magazine didn't include a digital edition so I canceled the print edition of it and switched to the digital version. (It was an inexpensive magazine, anyway.) There are several magazines that you can try free for 30 days on the device. I did this with a third magazine and decided to keep it for a year. Viewing magazines on this gadget is a pleasure.The Kindle Fire doesn't come with the Google Play store installed. You can side load it to the device without rooting it (and breaking your warranty.) You can Google to find the instructions to do this. It's not difficult to do if you're fairly comfortable with technology. It probably took me 10 minutes. Most of the apps I wanted were in the Amazon store, but there were a handful that I had paid for through Google Play. The only way I could have them was to go back to access that store. They have worked fine so far. I despise the keyboard that Amazon pre-installed on this device. There are no lines between the letters on the keyboard. I suppose it designed to be better for swyping through keys, but I hate it. I fixed that problem by going to Google Play and downloading a new keyboard. It was a pretty easy problem to solve so I can't complain.Apps that are connecting to the Internet can be a little slow to load on this device compared to my other gadgets, but that generally doesn't bother me. If you were using this tablet to replace your personal laptop, however, that might drive you crazy. The screen on this device isn't bad. If I compare it to my fancy phone, it's not as shape, but when you think about the price of this device compared to my smartphone, the screen is outstanding.The speakers are OK. There are two of them located on the bottom of the screen. I won't say that they are fantastic. They aren't. In my opinion, they are fine for watching YouTube or a television show. They are not OK for listening to music if you are an audiophile. You can make it a little better by downloading a different music app instead of relying on the pre-install app, but still your music will sound tinny. That being said, you can always connect your tablet to a bluetooth speaker, use a pair of headphones, etc.This device wasn't made for taking pictures. It has a front and back camera, but they aren't designed to be spectacular. I'm not using them.I find this device a little difficult to hold in my hands. I think that's partly because of the size and partly because it feels very slick. Also, I do have some hand problems (similar to someone who has Carpal Tunnel syndrome). I think it will be easier to handle once my case arrives. I'm still waiting for it. I'm greatly enjoying this device. It's simply fun to use the tablet. There are weaknesses that come with that lower price tag, but you legitimately get a lot of bang for your buck, particularly if you regularly use Amazon services. If you don't typically use Amazon and you are just looking for a tablet for viewing the Internet and you're looking for a low price tag, this device may be OK for you."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this to replace a damaged much more expensive tablet of my daughters. Great item and just as nice as the more expensive one. She absolutely loves it.	Google Phone
Fantastic tablet fire one is great. Small and portable	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this product with an eye on simply trying out a tablet. It has become a product I use every day. You have to get used to the Amazon app store, which is different than the Google Play store, though it is still android-based. The tablet is fast and the user experience is satisfying. I purchased the 32Gb. model for the extra storage space. It is a great tablet for under $100!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.	Lightning Charging Cable
Does a lot more than old tablet.It Hasmore memory.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent value, lets me lug all my favorite books around and read whenever. Wouldn't be without it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Amazon Fire HD 8. It's not too small and not too big. I was looking at other tablets, and decided on the Amazon Fire HD 8 because of the price, and because I have Amazon Prime, I purchased it online at Best Buy, and then picked it up at the store on Black Friday. It is my first tablet, and so I wanted to start with one that I can have fun with, and I am. I do have a laptop for important things.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have put off buying a tablet because all the ipads I tried with friends were hypersensitive making it difficult for me to navigate easily. This one is the bomb - I am 68 and not a techie but quite intelligent - this Kindle Fire is a perfect fit for me and does everything I want it to do and more with great speed and wonderful resolution. I am new at tablets and look forward to enjoying learning all that this Kindle Fire will provide for me - so far each step has been a breeze. I just love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
my daughter just loved this kindle fire. she said it was the perfect gift that she could receive.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my kindle fire. Its a great reading device.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to set up, great picture love it! Keeps my kids entertained and they love it also ....it was a gift.	iPhone
The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Easy to use with great picture. I would recommend it to a friend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This product was purchased for my Grandson. He had a fire 6. He however loves the HD 8. He uses it for music & gaming mostly. Great electronic device.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This works great. I read a LOT and I needed something that would handle all my eBooks. It has all the other bells and whistles as any tablet but I use it for the eBooks and one game. Excellent!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So far the tablet has been working without any issues. Haven't used it enough to rate it any higher but time will tell.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the right device to play with puzzles, you can avoid samsung/verizon constant advertisements. Only wish the battery would last longer or charge faster.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My Fire is compact and easy to use. Mainly used to read online books at lunch time. The battery lasts much longer than previous tablet I had and charges much quicker. very happy with my Fire.	Lightning Charging Cable
Used it for watching television shows. The picture was clear and the audio was decent for the location of the speakers.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great kid friendly product, hours of enjoyment for all.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Only negative is the apps. Thought they were from android but they're an Amazon version and limited.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have really enjoyed my new kindle and the ability to take pictures. It stays charged a long time when I am reading a book or watching a movie. I just wish that kindles could run on an LTE network as well when you do not have a WiFi signal.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The clarity of the screen and the back-lit text makes this an improvement from my old tablet. I now can read this in low light and enjoy the color as well. I am enjoying my new Kindle, but it did present some challenges in its set up. I would recommend getting help in the store to get you started.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I have had this for several weeks. It works great. I am very satisfied with it so far.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my 3rd Kindle upgrade. I love everything about it. The ebooks read to me at night, the games and the movies show extremely well...feels as though I am right there. My kids have ipads...but I'm stuck on my Kindle.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Never without my Amazon HD 8 - great for reading, games and surfing the networks.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome and best e-book reader. I love the smooth page translations, bedtime shade and perfect hand held device. Kindle Fire has took their e reader to the next level. Great apps, music, and storage expansion for the price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for a work fundraiser and the recipient enjoyed it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I think this is a great product and I would recommend it.	Google Phone
it was a good deal for this unit. they even beat amazon....	Wired Headphones
Bought it for the grandkids for Christmas. Like the parental controls!	USB-C Charging Cable
Haven't had this long but so far so good. It's nice when you buy a product and it works exactly how it is supposed to.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"I bought this for a daughter, who would be taking this to school for BYOD. It's perfect size table offers, loads of amazon goodies if you are prime member. For our need, it was good enough, but one of the requirement was to have Google App support on this. Since this runs Fire OS, it's everything Amazon proprietary. There as ""howto"" on web on getting google play store and its app on this, but the integration with the device lacks upon those ""fixes"" from the articles on how to get Google app store working on this tablet. Since it would not be useful for her in school because of requirements for Google apps, we're returning it. Otherwise, Great tablet, but Fire OS restricts Google Apps."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my adult son who had a long flight and he absolutely loved it! Definitely recommend!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
So easy to use and navigate. Easy easy Amazon downloads from books to apps etc. I'm in the older generation that finds it hard to navigate electronics but not this tablet and Best Buy employees were great in helping me decide by giving a tutorial and info on the tablet .	Google Phone
Fast, fluid, and lots of apps especially once I added the google play store(very simple to do and doesn't require anything that voids the warranty). Display is sharp and video and games load quickly. I deducted one star as Amazon's version of android lacks the ability of customization.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"For the price this is an excellent tablet. I have a high end laptop that does convert to tablet but at almost 16"" and the foldover design I normally just use it in laptop mode. I also have a high end ""phablet"" sized phone. So I was not sure how often I'd use a tablet, and did not want to spend 500ish on an ipad. The Fire has been a great ""in between"" so far on days I use my phone alot and want to avoid charging more than once per day, and don't have the need to use my laptop. The speed is zippy & the screen clarity/quality is good enough. Storage is even better than ipads since it is expandable (for now I use a 64 gb card giving me a total of 96 gb, but the expandable can go up to 200 gb). Tying into Amazon is nice since I have Amazon Prime). Basic web surfing, email & facebook work great. The only ""bad"" feature is the camera & video quality. But that does not matter to me since I have my high quality camera & video recorder on my phone. Only other slight negative is light bleed noticed just when booting up on grey screen. Color/brightness uniformity is perfect to my eyes once it is up & running. Really enjoying the kindle component for book & magazine reading as well. Overall, probably the best $100 I have spent in a long time."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Larger size more.memory, better price great product and wonderful service	Macbook Pro Laptop
Many improvements than the older model with an excellent screen and great battery life.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for all your tablet needs! Email, video, games, and reading! All in one!!	Macbook Pro Laptop
My husband loves this. He is happy that he can read anything he chooses from his library and that he also has WiFi access to get to his email and the internet whenever he wants.	iPhone
I was literally still using my first gen Kindle Fire and finally upgraded. I love the new one. The only negative is the speakers. My first one is louder than this one.	Wired Headphones
I have one, purchased this one for my mother in law, she had a 7 inch, between the bigger screen and HD, this one is much easier on her eyes and she can use it for longer periods of time without her eyes bothering her.	Wired Headphones
But, I can't figure out how to move books I've read, into the Cloud? I don't like clutter, and the more I read and download, just clogs up.	Google Phone
It's great to some extent but I was expecting more. It's unfortunate that it does not work with lots of apps. Perhaps I'm not using them correctly. I'm still learning.	Wired Headphones
Bought as gift for my granddaughter who is 10. She loves it. Plays games, watches videos and listens to music.	Flatscreen TV
GREAT MEMORY,GREAT MOVIES,GREAT READING, GREAT GAMES,DO I HAVE TO SAY MORE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is the third Fire tablet I have bought. The larger size is nice.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I don't know much about tablets but the sales associate recommended this one for me. It does what I need and more but I just don't know how to use it yet.	ThinkPad Laptop
I talk myself into the 32g and I am so glad I did!!! I have used only kindles for the past 5 years and I love them.... I love the color as well!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
The kindle over all is great. There's only one thing I would want better and that is the speaker. My last kindle was louder. I really miss the louder speaker.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and things started out well but lately my wife has been having issues with it. It hasn't been working as it should and its only been a little over 2 months since she's had it. I'm going to try a hard reset on it and see if that helps.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this as a gift for my wife because her B&N Nook was dying. She absolutely loves it, especially since it does so much more. I'm now waiting for my Nook to start acting up so that I have an excuse to get a Kindle for myself.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I would recommend anyone buy this product., just awesome.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my new Kindle fire. This replaces my old one and is just as good. Videos are as good as my tv with cable. Well with every penny spent and better deal than when I tried Amazon.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We replaced and aging fire HDX. She noticed the WiFi connection is improved and the screen is larger. She prefers this to my iPad Air	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice little tablet with great features. Bought one for my mom so she can read without all the weight of a big book. She also loves the nice backlight so she can be on her tablet at night without the lights on.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Wanted something with a kids mode on it so we could limit time and content. This works. Saw it for a really low price so couldn't resist otherwise we would have gotten the padded kids version.	20in Monitor
I was looking to upgrade from my old Kindle reader and stumbled on the Fire HD which is not only a reader but a tablet as well. Fairly easy to use. I really only needed to read books but how have a tablet as well. I wish it supported all google play apps and not just Amazon apps but I can check email and get to the web so it serves the purpose. But...when I want to read in the middle of the night, getting to the web can be distracting.	LG Washing Machine
In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.	Lightning Charging Cable
easy to use. nice sides and easy to read ,, also very easy to load	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Had a prob with original one I purchased and Bedt Buy replaced it hassle free	iPhone
I would recommend the Fire Tablet to anyone. IT is very easy to set up, download apps and use. Movies are crisp and clear.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a very good tablet. The only con is you may have to reboot it too often.	USB-C Charging Cable
I hate amazon app store. Nothing good in there. The tablet is too slow for what I do... it is good for reading only....	Wired Headphones
This is my second Fire. Wanted a larger size to make eBooks easier to read. Very pleased with the size and clarity of this tablet. Easy to take along in a tote. Perfect for what I wanted it for.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"Fixed alot of issues that were complained about with the 7""."	Wired Headphones
Purchased this tablet for a gift..They love it. Easy to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Video quality is very good. Works well with Amazon Prime Video and Music - no surprises there. Apps are VERY disappointing - many common apps are not available - even though there are Android versions! Not bad if you have modest expectations.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. Very lightweight. Would recommend to anyone	Wired Headphones
If you love Amazon, you'll love the Kindle HD8. It's a great size for reading all those books, streaming movies and tv shows, and has great sound for listening to your favorite music. For less than $100, you can't beat the versatility of this little device!	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my Daughter-in-Law and she loves it. Does exactly what she needs it to do.	Wired Headphones
i just love every thing about it. Its awesome to read	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this Kindle Fire for my husband and he loves it. He had an older model which he loved but my dog accidentally broke it. This updated version has so many new features which he loves!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I know many people who have a kindle. It frees up using the cell phone memory, so I bought this one for the amount of storage it has, as well as the cost of the item. Thank you.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Holds a long charge. Fast great space, no freezing or resetting.	iPhone
Wanted a tablet but did not want to pay for an iPad. The fire is a great tablet with a crystal clear hd videos. The perfect inexpensive alternative to the iPad	Wired Headphones
Solid Amazon tablet for those invested in the Amazon ecosystem.	
This tablet is designed primarily to sell, distribute and store media purchased from the Amazon.com product line, ie Kindle e-books, movies viewed or stored from their online movie streaming service, etc., and it does that very well.Reasonably sharp screen, good sound, good battery life and decent component materials. It uses their version of the Android OS which they call the Fire OS which is decently responsive and fairly intuitive to use - Be aware that you cannot install or run most apps purchased from the Google Play store, but must rely on Amazon's own app store which is decent, but not as extensive as either Apple's or Google's.	Wired Headphones
This has replaced my laptop for out and about. Easy to use. In addition, I can now read e books and listen to audio books. So convenient.....	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchase was to replace Fire HD 8.9 that was left on a plane (found & return 50 days later). Like this smaller version due to size & it's 3 years newer on the technology side.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my 2nd tablet and it works great with downloading	Apple Airpods Headphones
Not to big, not to small. Just right for for taking your movies and music on the go. I bought this to go with my Amazon Prime membership. Popped in a 128 Gb mini sd card for plenty of storage.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this device to use with children in my therapy practice. It is taking me awhile to figure out how to set it up and organize it. IT 'took over' and set up things with Amazon I did not approve such as charging my account and registering me with Prime before I could figure out the settings. The picture quality for the screen is beautiful but the camera photos are very pixelated.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my 8 year old granddaughter and she loves it. Uses it for game play, homework, etc. Mom and Dad loves the parental controls. Not having to worry so much.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my 10 year old granddaughter and she loves it. Uses it for game play, homework, etc. Mom and Dad loves the parental controls. Not having to worry so much.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Ok so in order to get three working well I needed to get four but the one that needed to be returned was quite easy. All is great! Kids love them!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I found the Amazon Fire HD to be very easy to travel back and forth to school. I can easily transfer my work in class to my main computer at home!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Not only did my daughter in law love it I was able to experience convenience of having it shipped!	Wired Headphones
This is her second Kindle product. she loves the new colors and bigger screen.	Product
Great value, a lot of color choices. I was able to boost up the memory for just a little extra but made the apps run so much faster. Love them	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My wife loves the tablet! She's only using it for internet so far and it has worked flawlessly!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My daughter absolutely loves her new fire, lots of space, easy to set up and lots of apps	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect tablet for the avid reader. Great functions light blue light filter to safeguard circadian rhythm so you do not have trouble falling asleep after being exposed to the light of a typical tablet. Easy to use and fits perfectly in hand and not too heavy for one handed use.	Google Phone
Perfect tablet for the avid reader. Great functions light blue light filter to safeguard circadian rhythm so you do not have trouble falling asleep after being exposed to the light of a typical tablet. Easy to use and fits perfectly in hand and not too heavy for onext handed use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second kindle. Have a few more items to learn. But love it. Easy to get around the apps.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the choice of colors. Have two kindles of my own and purchased this for a gift.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
New Kindle Fire 8 is easy to setup, great for reading, no issues at all when trying to connect to my home network. I would recommend this item for anyone who wants to read and get on the internet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this tablet for my spouse who has never had one before and it's perfect for him!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The size is just right for me to carry anywhere and it's simple to figure out the functions. 32 G would help me store many ireader books for a long time. I have read 3 books so far.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my 2nd tablet. Kindle Fire hd 8 reviewed throughly elsewhere many times for its solid performance for money. I mainly wanna talk about excellent buying experience at local best buy. It was not in Stock but employee we extra miles to locate the stock somewhe re but I like my local store much so ended up ordering there. Keep up the good work !. Very pleasant buying experience.	Google Phone
Bought 2 of these for my 6 and 8 yr old and it said it came with 32gb storage but actual storage was a little less, cant remember exactly how much probably around 20gb with the other necessary programs that come already pre-installed. They mainly use it for games and have downloaded many games on them. There is room for external storage and it also has a front and rear camera. love the product. comes in different color as well. I got the blue!	USB-C Charging Cable
I've love kindles for years and was looking for a bit larger reading area. That is what I got and more. I very satisfied EXCEPT it just goes blank repeatedly and for no apparent reason stay on and I am back to satisfaction.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am really enjoying my new kindle fire hd 8. The picture is awesome even for a movie. I use it mostly to read with an occasional game or movie too. Colors are great and the size of the screen is very nice. I have a 7 inch fire and there is enough size difference for movies etc to make it worthwhile. Plus there was a great black Friday price.	20in Monitor
Very sleek design and very easy to use - nice graphics!!!	Flatscreen TV
Nice tablet for my 8 year old daughter! Affordable! Charging battery can be frustrating at time. Normally have to hit power button to turn off and back on after you plug into outlet to charge or it will take many hours to charge. It is almost like it allows the tablet to reset to charge.	LG Dryer
Perfect for my 9-yr old....small enough to tuck into a bag easily & very easy to use...perfect price point for no worries & has been great!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very happy with product. It's a miniature lap top.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a Christmas present. The person that received it was very happy with it.. She has other Kindles but this new one is an obvious improvement over the previous ones.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
If you're looking for something basic at a good price then these are for u. These are not iPad quality but if u have prime then it's well worth it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased this for a gift for my mother who is a amazon fanatic she loves it ! Made her christmas this year	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this as an affordable alternative to the iPad mini. I liked the expandable storage option and size. Super easy to use. Unfortunately granddaughter wanted and iPad mini to go with her other apple products. So I ended up returning it. In hindsight I should've kept it for myself.	USB-C Charging Cable
Works very well. Video quality is very good. It is easy to navigate.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Purchased for my son who loves to read books. Saw him watching old TV show. He sat down with me and showed me what all it could do. Who would figure. I thought it was just for reading books. Now I want one too!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Grandson is enjoying the new games on it. It's much bigger than his ipod.	Lightning Charging Cable
this is my second one and must have one of these at all times	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased two for my grandchildren. They loved it. Reading, games and videos	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my wife. She is a constant reader and put away her previous Kindles for this one. She now has internet access also, so she can find more books anytime she wants.	LG Dryer
When you can get this thing on sale it's an amazing deal. Have all of your Amazon features right in your face. Books, Manga, Gaming, Amazon. It's easy to hold, has amazing battery life and has a pretty decent screen. Sure the Galaxy tablets have better specs, but it's the price and features you get from Amazon that make this device amazing!	Lightning Charging Cable
Does everything we wanted. Great value for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
A little more complicated than my original kindle, but I lIke it.	Wired Headphones
It is amazing that you can get this much tech for such a low price. This thing does everything I need, and it's so much faster than my old Kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this tablet is great for reading the text is not a good as it is on my tab s2 9.7 in but this is about $200 cheaper i got it because i wanted a more natural book feel reading my books and the tab s2 was not doing it for me	iPhone
It was easy to set up and use. Best Buy employees were a huge help teaching me about the many features.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for those invested in the Amazon system. Nice screen and functions well.	Flatscreen TV
Just love my Kindle. Easy to use and carry around and more books to purchase!!!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Got for my aunt for her first tablet. It has been user friendly for her, she yours it mostly for reading	Macbook Pro Laptop
Got this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it! She has the iPad but this Kindle Fire 8hd is so much easier to use for books and the occasional solitaire game. I am glad I bought the 32mb as I would rather have too much storage space than not enough. Great product and very easy to read books on.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love new Kindle Fire. I love the convenience having books with me all the time being able to have an entire library at my fingertips.	LG Dryer
My grandkids play on my smaller one. Thought I better get a back up for me.	27in FHD Monitor
It has such a BIG screen to see better. It loads games and books very fast!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
1	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
	Vareebadd Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	LG Washing Machine
	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	LG Washing Machine
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Product
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
	iPhone
	iPhone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
	LG Dryer
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Vareebadd Phone
	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
	LG Dryer
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
	ThinkPad Laptop
	20in Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
Works good but, you can purchase a charger with same or better specs. on Amazon MUCH cheaper. I purchased a 5 port 30 watt charger for about 1/2 of the cost of this.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Good products	Wired Headphones
nice product	AA Batteries (4-pack)
great - can charge Kindle e-book reader without the need of computer being on.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I ordered the Amazon 5W USB Official OEM Charger and Power Adapter for Fire Tablets and Kindle eReaders however, what I received is nothing like what is pictured. I received a charger cord that states LG Electronics and Verizon Accessory. I am not certain that these are the same item.	Flatscreen TV
Works well.	iPhone
Excellent Product!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I don't think it's the adapter which seems to work fine. I just have to charge my new kindle lots more than the old one. It's probably the new Kindle's problem but I'll charge it with my old power adapter just to see. I charged with my old adapter and it was the same as the new one. So go ahead and buy this adapter	27in FHD Monitor
good item	USB-C Charging Cable
this is way over priced	Bose SoundSport Headphones
works, that is all that counts	Bose SoundSport Headphones
So helpful to power up our readers anywhere.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works well for what it is intended for.	iPhone
Didn't really need this but it came in a kit with my kindle. Can never have too many.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
it works fine... it's a charger!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Working as expected	Apple Airpods Headphones
Does what it is suppose to do - power adaptor / charger.Three stars because it's overpriced.	Apple Airpods Headphones
serves its purpose	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My 2nd one. They work great.	Lightning Charging Cable
As d scribed	20in Monitor
It's fine, but not necessary. Had I known that I could charge my Kindle with my tablet and/or phone charging cord I would not have bought it.	Google Phone
The power cord works well however, I am still trying to see if I made a mistake in buying the 5. I love its size but it should have better functions then the older models or I just don't get it.. I should know because this is my 10 th Kindle.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Functional, but be sure the the USB cable is firmly installed in the base to get a connection.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Exactly what I expected!	Vareebadd Phone
quick easy to use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a fairly standard item for use with wall/standard US AC plugs. It is well designed and will meet your charging needs when connected to the required USB cable.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great charger. Somewhat pricey however. If you attatch it to the cable that comes with the e-book reader, this allows you to plug it into a wall socket.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Pretty dumb that you have to.buy a charger port	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for my kindle and it does what it's intended to do. Quality looks fine as well.	20in Monitor
Does a great job charging my kindles, or anything else you charge with a USB cable.	Apple Airpods Headphones
A must have to charge your kindle. Works very well!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
works perfect	Wired Headphones
It works fine.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Does the job and does it well.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Always in use!	Wired Headphones
just what I ordered - works as expectd	20in Monitor
works and is light	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works great with my new kindle!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Always worthwhile to have 2 or more.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Too expensive. Should be included, at no extra cost, with the Kindle.	Flatscreen TV
i did not need this	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Way too expensive	ThinkPad Laptop
I thought I was buying a 9 Amp	Vareebadd Phone
So easy to use anywhere there is an outlet. I had a charger that would work,so I debated about buying this. I'm so glad I did.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Charges incredibly fast. Definitely worth it. I use it for my phone too.	Wired Headphones
does what it's supposed to do and really well :)	Lightning Charging Cable
Works Great. Thanks	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Worked well as expected.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Cool	Wired Headphones
It works perfect	LG Dryer
I like this item it suits my needs.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Received on time, and works great . I think this is a great product. And thanks for your customer service.	Flatscreen TV
It is only a USB 5 Watt charger. Had now issues with the actual unit as it produced 4.6 watts on a check load but comparing it to what is available to do the same thing there are cheaper options. So minus one star for over priced and that it doesn't come with a cable	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Works	Wired Headphones
I ordered this power charger at the same time I ordered my new E Reader. It works great, very fast. I was disappointed that it was an add on and not included with the price of the reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good product!	Vareebadd Phone
Page turner. I would have given 5 stars. A little disappointed with the ending.	Wired Headphones
Works as good as the original	27in FHD Monitor
What Can I Say 120 volts goes in one end and 5 volts comes out the other. WOW! High quality.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Just what I wanted and expected.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My old kindle charger works fine - that wasn't clear when I bought a new kindle white. And now you want to charge me 6.95 to send it back. Forget it!! I'll keep the extra charger	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I returned this with the reader in the same box.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It's a very nice charger it's fast and effective.	Flatscreen TV
It fine. I wasn't aware of what I was purchasing at the time but thought that I would need it in order to charge my book. Turns out I have several of them already from other electronics. Didn't really need it.	Wired Headphones
just an accesory but a usefull one	Lightning Charging Cable
Must have	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Puts out a full 1 amp power allowing a faster charge or power supply.	Wired Headphones
Good charger	USB-C Charging Cable
Completely satisfied. Works as it should.	Google Phone
Very useful	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Just what I expected!	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is honestly a little expensive. And I can find other ways to charge my devices.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was purchased for my Kindle and I like it! Makes it easy to recharge it wherever I am. Recommend this product!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Not much to say except that it does exactly what it's supposed to do.	iPhone
There shouldn't be much to go wrong with an AC Adaptor, and this one is no exception.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like this because I can plug in anywhere. It is unnecessarily expensive.	USB-C Charging Cable
Have to have to charge the book.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's a charger, what else can I say.	Google Phone
works like it should	Wired Headphones
It does what it is supposed to do.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
not necessary	iPhone
Does what it is supposed to do.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01J2G4VBG/refcmcrrypprdttlsol4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
nocomment	ThinkPad Laptop
It does its job	27in FHD Monitor
No problems so far.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good purchase	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
What can I say about a charger adapter. It works great.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works fine. Carol	Apple Airpods Headphones
A waste of money. You don't need this. Just plug your tablet into your computer and the charge lasts for a month.	iPhone
Very happy with my purchase	Lightning Charging Cable
Great works as expected	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got this as part of a Prime Day kindle bundle, and it works just fine. However, there doesn't appear to be any difference between this charger and the 5 other ones I have, all of which were much cheaper. If it wasn't part of the bundle I purchased, I would have never purchased this by itself.	iPhone
Should be included with the Kindle.	Google Phone
Works just fine, but a bit on the expensive side!	iPhone
Good solid adaptor to fit the Kindle Paperwhite.	Lightning Charging Cable
I will know which charger is mine	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not a cheap plug from the check out, this works for my phone and kindle without the nasty reminder that the cord or plug are not strong enough.	USB-C Charging Cable
Helps to charge you kindle when not near a USB port.	LG Washing Machine
Great product! Just as I expected!!	LG Dryer
woks fine	AA Batteries (4-pack)
thanks for an excellent transaction	Lightning Charging Cable
Excelente !!	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Do not pay attention to their ad. It says the plug is not included with the kindle and it absolutely is. If they lie about this sort of thing what else do you think the lie about. Steer clear these guys are rip off artist.	Macbook Pro Laptop
In bundle, happy!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It works just fine.	Wired Headphones
very easy to use	iPhone
Works well for my Kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Works well! I would highly recommend. Better quality than others I have for phones, etc. so I only use this one now..	iPhone
Great products. Haven't used the shoulder bag much. I don't travel much. Nice to have just in case.	iPhone
It works like it's supposed to. Use it for charging my new Kindle.	Lightning Charging Cable
Muy recomendable.	Flatscreen TV
This is some advanced ass technology.	ThinkPad Laptop
its great	USB-C Charging Cable
20 for a USB charger is outrageous! It should have bee free with the Paperwhite Kindle.	Lightning Charging Cable
came on time and this is a good product	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This came in the recommended bundle and works well.	USB-C Charging Cable
The plug in part of the charger is fine BUT cord could certainly be longer.	20in Monitor
A great product that spares me the hassle of having to boot up my lap top to charge my kindle.	Wired Headphones
No problems, correct output.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Fern Michaels book Hideaway was not sent to my reader.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The one I have been using, generic, is so bad. You have to mess with it to get it to work. I really love this one . Small and plugs in nice and tight.	Flatscreen TV
It worked.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Met needs to replace cracked charger connection. Worked fine	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice quick charge gives full power level. I like how it is labeled amazon so I can clearly identify it and not be confused by other chargers!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It works! It's a plug, what more can I say	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Just got home and found the packet is empty, there is no product we ordered in it. What do we do now	27in FHD Monitor
There is no problem charging my Kindle on the iMac, however when I travel I need a charger. It works Perfectly.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It worked as it should	Wired Headphones
The kindle was great, however the cover does not fitThat is my fault, must have ordered the wrong one. To expense to return.Service was great and can't say enough about the Prime. Even delivered on Sunday! Now that's service.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
its for a gift	iPhone
As an OEM replacement, I suppose its worth a bit more but this price is excessive. A similar product for my Amazon fire was purchased at Walmart for about 3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Chicago's Fabulous Fountains is a big disappointment. I read about it and expected beautiful pictures. Instead, there is a lot of print.Hamilton is the kind of book I like--history. Chernow always writes very interesting biographies--I've read several others.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This charger and adapter works just fine with the E-reader. I was so glad that I purchased it as the E-reader does not come with one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good charger.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Im still not sure why this doesn't come with the Kindle - and Im glad I threw it in the shopping cart when I purchased my Kindle.	Wired Headphones
good Quality	Product
Worked right out of the box, If I need another one I will buy one of these.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I've only had to charge my Kindle one time so far. It works well.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great charger	Wired Headphones
Just as described.	ThinkPad Laptop
I'm writing a review based on the problem I had with my Kindle HD 8.9 it would not hold a charge even though Amazon try to reboot it from their location or had to technician try to reboot it but it wouldn't come on so I'm just want to say that the charger does work when I plugged it into my Samsung phone with the power cord so that's why I give it 5 stars	Wired Headphones
really good charger	Vareebadd Phone
handy	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice to have a charger that works quickly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Part of gift	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Good product.	Wired Headphones
This charger FRIED my Kindle Fire, Samsung Galaxy S6, and Samsung Galaxy J7. DO NOT plug your other devices up to it!!! It easily comes detached from the Fire tablet but does charge it. I'm just very unhappy that it killed my other devices. There are young children in my home and they know the difference between Apple and Android charging tips. So they will use any available charging cable they find when needed.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It works, that is all that is necessary of it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like it.	Wired Headphones
Quality and packaging is nice.It's a Kindle USB charger, it works what more can I say.I also charge my Bluetooth earphones with this.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Nothing special just okay	Lightning Charging Cable
Works just fine for my Fire 7.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great.	Flatscreen TV
works good	AA Batteries (4-pack)
feel it should have come with paperwhite kindle and that I should not have had to buy it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Delivery is super fast, and the product seems nice.	USB-C Charging Cable
This came with the Kindle Paperwhite I bought as a birthday present for the love of my life. See that review.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
goes with the kindle for charging port	Lightning Charging Cable
Whats the point of this without the cable to charge!	USB-C Charging Cable
love	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Christmas gift.	USB-C Charging Cable
A must-have if you have any Kindle or Fire products! This definitely charges things much faster, and is great to have in several locations for convenience, especially if people tend to borrow your chargers.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I already have one am sending it back	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I think the cord needs to be a bit longer. This would enable you to read while charging.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Nice product. Works well.	ThinkPad Laptop
Does what you need, but because it has amazon's name on it, it's expensive	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works as advertised. However, I can't imagine why Amazon doesn't include it with the Kindle. I know of no other product that does not supply an item that is essential to its use. Amazon should include this with the Kindle. So, remember, add the price of one of these to the price of the Kindle to get the real price of the Kindle. That is why I gave it three stars. Come on Amazon, stop the misleading pricing on the Kindle.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Best	ThinkPad Laptop
It works great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
If you plug the prongy side of the adapter into the wall, and then plug the big end of the USB cable into the non-prongy side, and then plug the little end of the USB cable into your Kindle, it makes books magically appear on the screen. Use your eyes to read the words, and your eyes will transmit the information into your brain.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Incredibly fast tablet charger. Works as advertised without any issues.	27in FHD Monitor
My Kindle charges again.	20in Monitor
The Kindle Voyager did not come with a charger so I'm glad I purchased this - although the Kidle Voyager does not need charging up as often because it stays charged for a long time. Mae Ogino	Wired Headphones
It was doing a great job charging my kindle, but now it takes almost all day to charge.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have one. It is much faster than your cheap chargers. Much faster. I also use it for my phone. From dead to full charge in less than 45 minutes!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Does the job	iPhone
Works as expected	Lightning Charging Cable
Awesome	USB-C Charging Cable
This makes it so much better to charge the kindle. It's small and easy to put in a case along with the cord and kindle.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Should have been included with the e-reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works wonderfully, charges quickly.	27in FHD Monitor
It does the job.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product. Thank you	Apple Airpods Headphones
works great for my kindle paper white but the seond kindle that I ordered will cot turn on	Macbook Pro Laptop
The charger won't stay securely connected to the Paperwhite and wiggles. It will only charge when held at a particular angle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice and compact. Better than the older models.	20in Monitor
This is great. So many things come with a plug that is to go into your laptop. I got this so I can plug it into the wall. I had Kindle chargers for my kindle, but I'm getting more and more things that have to be charged through your laptop. Not me...I use this plug.	Lightning Charging Cable
Does exactly what it is supposed to do	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
it works that what counts	Macbook Pro Laptop
Works great, don't have any trouble with this charger.	Google Phone
Does the job. Not often needed as the charge on the kindle lasts so long..	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I wanted the charger block with the folding power tines, but not available so I got this one and it works very well and I like it as much as the other type.	USB-C Charging Cable
I used to be able to find these with fold in prongs wish there was that option- but it simple and well made.	LG Dryer
Need one for your kindle...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good. Needed product to hook up charger for Kindle e-reader.	Vareebadd Phone
Item is a replacement for one that was starting to go back. It works fine.	iPhone
Great for Kindle.	USB-C Charging Cable
cord is too short	Lightning Charging Cable
like the individual charger as i do not always have a usb port device with me when i travel	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very pleased	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
like the firs one that folds in prongs better	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Dandy	iPhone
I just use it as a new phone charger for my android, you need to buy this if you buy a Kindle because the USB they come with doesn't have this attached.	Wired Headphones
It works. Not much else to say.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
IT IS A VERT GOOD ITEM	LG Washing Machine
Does the job.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
First rate - high quality!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'm very glad that I made this purchase. I don't often bring my computer with me when I travel. I enjoy having the option of using a standard outlet to charge the Paperwhite.	20in Monitor
	20in Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Electronics Features"""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The sales people are really nice and knowledgeable to me I will come back again	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product and service and the sales man r really nice.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great product and service will refer to a friend. And the sales man r good	AA Batteries (4-pack)
very good product and service will refer a friend.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great selections. Hard to find assistance at times.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This kindle is a basic and easy to use eReader. Exactly what I wanted. The charge lasts for a long time so you don't have to worry about charging it daily.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Disappointed to realize there is not a light for night reading. Size and weight is great.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is affordable and it had Increased storage but no backlight and the screen could be better!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good reading on this good and strong quality kindle	Wired Headphones
I thought it would be as big as small paper but turn out to be just like my palm. I think it is too small to read on it... not very comfortable as regular Kindle. Would definitely recommend a paperwhite instead.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I particularly like the fact that the text shows up and you can see it well outside on a sunny day. I use it with Kindle Unlimited.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this e reader, but wish the screen were higher resolution. It requires decent light to look good, but it is easy on my eyes. The screen updates involve flashing the whole screen, which I noticed less over time. The advertised month long battery life is just standby time, it lasts much less if you are downloading and reading books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this product because I love to read and buying books got costly. With this product I can read all I want for 10.00 a month	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is really good if you read a lot, doesn't strain your eyes and very light weight. Only demerit is - cant use in night if there is not enough light.	27in FHD Monitor
Excellent product very good piece strongly recommend	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Amazon Kindle is a good gift for the bookworm in your life. The lightweight and simplistic operating system allows for easy and enjoyable reading without all of the extras of a tablet. Great product for your money!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
In trying to get my son to read more and thought a kindle would help. First I got a good deal on an old kindle model that had been refurbished and it quickly broke. I had a gift card to Best Buy and this one was on sale, so I got it for him. I also bought him a silicone case and bought a Best Buy warranty. It is much easier to use this model vs the old one that he had originally, and I like that you can use FreeTime app on this device but you only just get the books. I also use overdrive to get him books from the library. So far it is working great for us. I bought this at Best Buy instead of getting it online from Amazon because I like the Best Buy warranty and that they are easier to deal with than Amazon.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The Kindle is great for reading on the go when I can't carry around a lot of books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great buy! Bought it to replace a first generation Kindle.	ThinkPad Laptop
Perfect size, so easy to carry around. Long lasting battery life. Would reccomend!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and similar to using a book. Love it! I would buy again!	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice product, great price and expandable storage unlike the HD version	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife likes it because she can read all different kind of books	Wired Headphones
FOR ITS SIZE IF OK THE VALUE MY WIFE LOVE IT SHE USE IT ALL THE TIME	Wired Headphones
In my opinion this model is too small and feels cheap. And sd card slot.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am enjoying my Kindle very much! Easy to down load books and easy to read! Very happy with my purchase!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought the Amazon Kindle so I could enjoy reading without lugging around multiple books. I usually read my ebooks on the Kindle app but I have gotten frustrated with my phone/tablet going into sleep mode. This Kindle is sufficient for my needs. I purchased a reading light for when I'm in low-light situations and it works very well. I am satisfied with my purchase.	LG Washing Machine
My fiance really enjoyes it! I would definitely recommend.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Amazon Kindle is a great device to enjoy reading before bed. The device is small and lightweight which is better than holding onto a heavier tablet.	Google Phone
Its a decent reader for beginners. There is no backlight, so not good for reading in dark. also slips from hands, so purchase a cover if you buy it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Super easy to use and very gentle on your eyes, I've tried many e-readers but I'll definitely stick to this one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my new Kindle. The size is perfect. It fits right in my purse. Easy to navigate and I love the touch screen. I am able to read outside without a glare. Only flaw is that it is not backlit, so in order to read in the dark I need a book light. I don't mind that so much, I just wish kindle would come out with a case for this Kindle with a built in book light like they did for the first generation Kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It is great to be able to have all you books in the same place...	iPhone
This is my first e-reader. I like it so far. Easy to use interface. The ads can be kind of annoying, but keeps cost lower.	Wired Headphones
Nice basic reader. Had the first model kindle and this is quite a bit lighter	Google Phone
Great starter eReader, very simply does what it's made to do.	Wired Headphones
Great way to read books available for downloads from the library	USB-C Charging Cable
This Kindle has no extra bells or whistles that would cause major battery drainage. Sometimes less is more. No distractions to keep you from reading, no backlights to fatigue your eyes. Be aware that you can't read this Kindle in the dark.Pretty simple to operate. FYI there is no wall plug adapter for this unit only the USB cord that plugs into the Kindle, and computer for charging. You can buy an adapter separately. If you have the Kindle Fire HDX that adapter works with this kindle. You can use that adapter to charge it from the electrical outlet.I recently purchased this Kindle. I do have had other Kindles, and enjoy them immensely.I purchased this one for outdoor use.So far I Love it!	Flatscreen TV
Great item, easy to use,would recommend to anybody want to use!	USB-C Charging Cable
There is no way to lock the font size and it changes if you touch the screen. I liked my paper white better but it died.	USB-C Charging Cable
After using a series of low end tablets as an e-Reader, I purchased this on sale for $50. It only really does one thing - display Kindle books in normal lighting, but it does it well.Size, feel, and battery life are all good, and unlike LCD-based tablets it is easy to read outside. The Amazon lock-screen ads are not that intrusive, and easy to ignore.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this item is a great upgrade from my last kindle.everything is touch screen and is faster than before	Apple Airpods Headphones
This devices is great for storing all my amazon books. It is also very light and portable. Simple to use as well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great product, my 8yr son is completely hooked onto it. The only change I would say it making the interface a little easier to use.	27in FHD Monitor
I've owned a couple of Kindles. This one is my favorite thus far. The screen is a little too sensitive for my liking but other than that, great!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this on sale for a great price and is a great product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Small, light easy to read in any lighting. If you are looking for a device that serves one purpose, to read books anywhere, this is for you.	iPhone
I am happy as i bought it for reading and it is good.	Google Phone
I am very happy with my e-reader. It is so practical for reading along with my daughter. she has one as well, and we use them to read every night as required by her 4th grade class curriculum.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have several Kindles so knew what to expect. It is a great reading device and I keep several in different locations.	Lightning Charging Cable
I've been using the original B&N Nook ereader for several years now. I finally decided to upgrade. I wish I'd done it a lot sooner. The new Kindle touchscreen ereader is phenomenal.The device is light and easy to carry, almost unbelievably so. It is fast and responsive and touch screen has 0 delay. I would recommend anybody in the market for this one buy one immediately. You won't regret it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Easy to navigate. Daughter loves it. It's lightweigh and its just what she needed for this avid reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This little device is great for it price. Lots of features.	USB-C Charging Cable
At first I thought my reader was broken but discovered, by accident, that my touch must be very light.	Lightning Charging Cable
I replaced my kindle that I had for 4 years with the new one and after a short time was able to access all my books and continue reading the book that I was reading before I bought the new kindle. I am pleased with the new touch screen for moving to the next page, like that this one is smaller and easier to take in my purse. I did purchase a case and it is protective and durable. I will enjoy this kindle for years to come	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am very pleased with this purchase. It is lightweight and the smaller size enables me to carry it easily. This Kindle allows me to read out in the sun without any glare. The only suggested improvement would be a lighted display to enable reading at night.	Lightning Charging Cable
I loved this Kindle which is even better. It's a gift to a very important friend. Now he is unable to hold a book open with. He says that is easy to read but even lighter is wonderful.	Wired Headphones
Do you like to read? If so this is an excellent device. There are better devices, but at this price you are not going to find a comparable product.	Google Phone
The Amazon Kindle is light weight and easy to use.	Vareebadd Phone
Very useful for night time reading responsive and intuitive display	Apple Airpods Headphones
Use the Kindle apps on Android phones and tablets, but apps don't support family sharing. These Kindles are great (and inexpensive) for that purpose.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
my wife had a kindle for 10 years and it finally died on her , this was a great replacement	USB-C Charging Cable
If you really want to have a good read on something digital this is the item you're looking for. It really is lightweight and highly functional. The battery lasts a long time and the screen is easy on the eyes. The only difficulty sometimes is reading in extremely bright environments. Overall an excellent buy.	ThinkPad Laptop
Overall good product, bought two for my parents and they loved it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Am used to Kindle Fire which I love. No light to read by in the dark. Hard to navigate. This was a gift - would never purchase on my own.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I absolutely LOVE my kindle. I go nowhere without it. It has kept me entertained for hours. Don't have to keep up with books that get torn or lost. I would and DO RECOMMEND a kindle for EVERYONE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is what I needed not fancy just simply used for reading books. Easy to use and battery lasts for quite a while.	Wired Headphones
I am loving my new Kindle! I have wanted one for a while and finally bought one, and even though it was the cheapest one, it has exceeded my expectations. I love how there is no glare.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my daughter, wanting to get her a kindle without having access to games (like with the kindle fire). This latest version of the kindle is excellent. I am jealous of my daughter and now am thinking about upgrading from my older kindle. The touchscreen is responsive. If you like reading on the kindle, it is worth the update.	USB-C Charging Cable
It very convenient it small and it work awesome can put in my purse or	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a perfect gift for young adult during the holiday session.	Lightning Charging Cable
I had always been looking to upgrade my original Kindle. I love the new touch features and display on this one. The size also makes it very easy to transport.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my 90+ year-old, totally no-tech mom. Her first e-book is Gone with the Wind. She likes the size and ease of use.	ThinkPad Laptop
I like the contrast it is easy to read on outside.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I prefer the Kindle to a book. I like the change of letter size, storing many, many books, and the ease of carrying it. I love to read when I travel, and this is the way to go.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this Kindle for my wife because her Kindle Fire gives off too much glare to use in sunny conditions. Besides being able to use it while riding in the car during daytime, the biggest advantage she found is that it is significantly lighter than the Fire. Since she reads for hours on end that is a big plus. The main drawback is that the graphics aren't as clear with this reader. All in all, it was money well spent.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy to handle. many books to choose from and very convenient	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like the changes that have been made since my current 4 year old unit was purchased	Macbook Pro Laptop
I always wanted one of those, but they were too expensive compared to a tablet. But now I am loving it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Used it and looks very paper like. They integrated the simplest form of an e reader, which makes it stand out for its use.	Wired Headphones
This is my second Kindle and I love it! It's so convenient to be able to carry around hundreds of books without the bulk and weight of literally carrying around hundreds of books. I just wish I could have bought accessories at Best Buy. Also, the sales rep knew nothing about the devices and had to 'Goggle' info on her phone.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a pretty cool little device. Im able to download books through wireless and read them later at my convenience. Only drawback is I wish it had more storage. But for the price, it works good.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My nephew is going to high school and the kindle is a great gift for him. Bestbuy has good selection and the price is good too!	Lightning Charging Cable
I had read reviews. It is just like what reviews said. It is really good. I still have to try some features. Probably I should have gone for Kindle Light. Maybe next time. But for now I am totally satisfied.	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect for our young daughter, its a perfect size and she can use it very easily.	USB-C Charging Cable
The screen size could be bigger like the earlier versions of kindle.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love not having to carry books and being able to get a variety of books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a great product, I would buy another for a family member. I do hope they lower the price a little in the future	Lightning Charging Cable
This make an excellent ebook reader. Don't expect much from this device except to read basic ebooks. The good thing is it's cheap and good to read in the sun.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this kindle, the price is good, not too heavy and I charge once every two weeks	USB-C Charging Cable
"This is my eighth Kindle. Some others were either lost or screen-damaged. I bought it as a spare. Current model is better looking than earlier versions (white case), sturdier, and has an improved screen. Great price also; wish I'd bought two."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
im loving this Amazon kindle reader, its the easy one to use.	Flatscreen TV
Simple, great buy for your money if you are an avid reader.	Lightning Charging Cable
The screen is too dark, and cannot adjust the brightness	Macbook Pro Laptop
I've got this as a gift for my grandmother and she's not tech savvy but she can work a kindle. She loves to read and is very pleased with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I haven't used any other kindle before, but this kindle was made to do its job and it does it properly. It is sleek, lightweight and sturdy. I love putting it in my bag and taking it with me wherever I go - just in case I get a chance to read. Like it says in the description, you can download books and read it anywhere - you don't need wifi to read. Battery life is great. It has a matted screen and you can make the font as big or as small as you want. The down side is that the screen is small, so you can only get through so much before you have to flip the screen. Also there is no brightness controller for the screen so you can only read it where it's light. But I honestly love my kindle, it does it's job and I don't want anything that get's fancier than this.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Item work well and was easy to read from in day light	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a entry level ereader that only allows you to read in the day...you will not be able to read in the dark	Wired Headphones
We open the box. We download a book. It's like magic. The words the phrases the complete sentences. So cool!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great product. Light weight. I wish it has wifi to download from online.	USB-C Charging Cable
My nephew is going to college next year and we want to give him a gift. Kindle suits it well for him to learn and study.	ThinkPad Laptop
purchased for my child to read - works as expected and for the price it was a good option	Wired Headphones
"I really enjoy the basic amazon kindle and best buy had a great deal on it when I purchased it. It's very easy on the eyes and there is no glare when reading outside even on a sunny day just as advertised. It has the look of book in that sense. I was able to order this online and ""pick up in store"" and it was very convenient because I was low on time. I highly recommend this product to any avid reader and anyone looking to make the jump to an eReader. A few other great features are the long battery life, it's light and small and very easy to take on the go."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love my kindle it makes it so much easier to read books instead of having to carry them with me	Lightning Charging Cable
The kindle is good to download apps for books catch up with reading	Apple Airpods Headphones
My first e-reader, and I have been filling it up fast. Great for travel!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nothing bad to say about the Kindle. I knew what I was getting when I got it, and it hasn't disappointed.	Lightning Charging Cable
BestBuy was offering some discounts during Thanksgiving and this prompted me to buy. I was not an avid before and just casually bought this product. But I must admit, I am not at all disappointed with this. Works best with English books, does not work that well with native books. Also, this product is not backlit and does not have any option to increase the screen brightness and I would deduct 1 star for that. You need to install another product called Calibre in your computer to convert books to Kindle readable format (mobi). Kindle can also read PDF, but mobi format is better readable compared to Kindle.	iPhone
Good e-reader, with an improved design, light-weight	Apple Airpods Headphones
I already has an older version of the Kindle, but this one is even better. I love the touch screen and the ability to scroll without buttons.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Had problem with cutting off device. Good easy read	Macbook Pro Laptop
This was purchased as a replacement for an aging third party e-reader. It is light weight, compact, easy on the eyes while reading and has a long battery life. The Kindle library has a wide variety of books, many of which are free. The one draw back for some people may be that the lock-screen has ads. This is only on the lock-screen, the ads don't appear while using the device and Amazon can permanently remove the ads for a fee.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was easy to se up but the recipient wished it has an actual manual that you didn't have to download to print a copy. She has yet to use it outside due to weather at this time.	Wired Headphones
Product is good, light. Amazing battery backup. I charge the Kindle one in 4 weeks. Great product for reasonable price. USB connection is easy, Books are easy to download. Overall, everyone must have Kindle with them and this is the best product/model to start with.Understandably, this is the beginner level model for people who never used Kindle before. Features like LED lights, White paper background are not available on this model. These features are there on higher models so one cannot read it in Dark without lights. But again, for this price you would not get any other good readers.If you are someone who reads in dark then I would suggest go for Higher Kindle models.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good size for reading and screen is easy to read. Even in sun light this was very easy to read and it fit into n small bag to carry around	Flatscreen TV
I'm an optimist, and I tend to give 5 Star reviews more than anything. Which I've had people make a comment about that. However, I cannot give a 5-star review on this because it's such a simple unit, and with technology these days it should not be as expensive as it is. That being said, the display will blow your mind, it looks like real paper. I highly recommend.	27in FHD Monitor
This was a gift for my girlfriend. She loved due to the fact that it was small and compacted ..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It allows me to read without using space in my phone.	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm an avid reader. The Kindle is my go to for ease. It fits in my purse or knitting bag and stays charged for days.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this one for my mom because I love mine so much	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is very good. I like it. I will buy more items on bestbuy.com.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great! It's very good. I will buy it next time. Thanks.	20in Monitor
Good, but unhappy that screen size is small, less than I expected	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It does its job but I would buy one which the screen is brighter. There are times that it's difficult to read because screen is not too bright	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle 8 is an inexpensive eReader that does what I need in the smallest, thinnest, lightest package. I want it for travel and portable convenience when a full-size tablet is too big and heavy. It's perfect.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My first Kindle and I love it. No backlight and perfect view in the sun are awesome.	Flatscreen TV
I use this every day on my commute. Great battery life, no backlight but very readable with normal lighting. I like the built in dictionary. Email yourself pdf or mobi files for easy transfers.	27in FHD Monitor
Love my new Kindle! I hadn't read in a while and hesitant of a kindle, easy to use, lightweight and convenient to pick up a book. great for outdoor reading. only downside is if you want to read in the dark has no back light. crisp clear text and easy to set up.	Wired Headphones
This is a great quality reader. Print on it is very clear and it is easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
This Kindle doesn't have a lighted screen like the pricier models but it has a higher dpi screen than the lower model. It's exactly what I needed, nothing more, nothing less. I've had no problems with the reader at all so far so I'll give it 5 stars.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought it cause I wanted to read more. That didn't happen, I tried and I just can't read on devices I need old school paper between my hands	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm a longtime Kindle user and jumped at the opportunity to bring my granddaughter into the fold with this gift. She loved it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love hear readers, I had to replace mine because I destroyed the last, but it is awesome	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not the paperwhite, but for the price I paid works great for my kids to carry around multiple books they need to read for school	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is difficult to understand the instructions. I am still working on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I've wanted a kindle for a while and decided to get it when BB put it on sale. I am not disappointed.	27in FHD Monitor
This is the perfect reader. Price is great, it's easy on your eyes. Battery lasts longer than a tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
At first I was a bit skeptical about the sensitivity of the touch screen on these new kindles, but it has been great. The reading is very smooth and I am quite please with this purchase.	Wired Headphones
Just what I needed, lightweight and easy to download books from the library	Flatscreen TV
easy for my kids - 8 and 11 to use the kindle for night time reading	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
First time user - had no problem getting started - must have internet connection and know name and password for wi-fi	iPhone
"I read a lot on the iPhone and iPad which also have Kindle apps that are good, but there is too much glare on their screens on a bright, sunny day; this little Kindle without a backlight is a nice solution to that problem. The recent sale price made it practical to get one, and I'm glad I did."	iPhone
easy on the eyes and perfect for travel. battery life is a +	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love how compact this kindle is, I'm able to put it in my gym bag, backpack, and my purse. The screen is a plain white which is great for reading because you don't get a glare, I just wish Best Buy offered a case for it I had to purchase one from amazon.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
So simple to set up a caveman could do it and still have time to get some reading in!	27in FHD Monitor
Kindle just keeps getting better. This device is the perfect size to pack away for a business trip to kill some time reading a book or even uploading your documents to access them quickly.	Vareebadd Phone
I love this kindle. I've never had one before but I would definitely recommend one to those that are avid or casual readers. No glare, easy to use, easy to bring anywhere.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love my Kindle black. I can read for hours without making my eyes sore the way a phone screen would. The functions are easy to use. Everything is set up clearly and simply. It's shape is adorable, and it's surprisingly light. The battery does last a long time.	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle is light and easy to use especially at the beach!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a purchase made for a cruise. I could not see my fire in the sun.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Excellent base model e-reader. Nice to use inside or outside.	20in Monitor
I bought my Kindle about 2 months ago and the battery is already dead and will not charge	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For me, the Kindle Black was not a good fit for me. There are times I read at night in bed when my husband is sleeping. This model doesn't have a back light so I'm unable to read at night without turning on a light and waking up my husband.So I returned and went for a Kindle Fire.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's exactly what you'd think it would be. No more, no less...a perfect e-reader for traveling and backpacking.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the new Kindle. Priced right. Perfect size. Take it with me everywhere.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy basic e book reader. Good for beginners to start	Wired Headphones
It is just like reading a book only it's way more convenient! The background has the same look as the pages of a real book.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love my kindle ! I enjoy reading everyday and I can easily throw in my bag with out it adding any weight .	Flatscreen TV
What can I say, if you enjoy books and magazines it's hard to beat. Not backlit but not an issue for me. I take it everywhere and enjoy this version very much.	Lightning Charging Cable
"This Kindle is nice and my wife who is an avid reader likes the screen quality but truthfully does not like being ""pigeon-holed"" by Amazon for every book or story. Having to go through them for nearly everything greatly declines from the ease of use of the various functions. The need to find or put her existing library into Amazon in order to use it on the Kindle is ridiculous and annoying. Once again a another good product being sadly limited due to a monopoly."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love the Kindle, it is a great product. It reduces eye strain so I enjoy reading on it. This is my second Kindle.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you are into reading then this is for you. I didn't think the paperwhite is necessary if you have a well lot room. Great for reading outside.	Flatscreen TV
This is a great product and i would recommend it to anyone that enjoys reading.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love how portable this Kindle is. It fits right in my purse and makes it so I can read whenever and wherever I have free time.	Wired Headphones
Kindle is the perfect E-reader. Easy to use and size is perfect to bring 'book' on the go.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought for my granddaughter she loves it. She is starting her first series	AA Batteries (4-pack)
When you first turn on the kindle, the home screen does not make it easy to determine exactly how to open up and read a downloaded book.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good product for child. Who only need to read the books	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my daughter. It is our 4th Kindle bought within the family. The touchscreen is great and my daughter loves it. In fact, those of us with older model Kindles are jealous.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The battery doesn't last as long as was advertised, if you have the money I would recommend the backlit model.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love the simplicity. Also love that I use it for reading only and can't download distracting apps.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and navigate, purchasing books is fast and simple and I love the fact that I can password protect this device	Flatscreen TV
Fought it for a long time, but Kindle is awesome. The newer version with adjustable light is best for me.	Flatscreen TV
I liked my really old one a bit better. It broke after 5 years suddenly. The screen failed. I had to pay over 20 bucks extra to get rid of the ads to Amazon. I wasn't aware of this when I first bought so it was more expensive than expected.	Wired Headphones
OK, I was so unsure of this Kindle because it does not have all of the bells and whistles of the others. BUT I am very happy with it. I love my Kindle! I have managed to read a book a week on it sicnce I got if for Christmas. I have been reading the free books on Kindle. There are so many to pick from. While home, I download the books that I want to read and then while I am in the car or waiting at the DMV, I just pull of the book and read. It remembers where I am in the book. This Kindle does not have the back light. I was nervous about that but so far this has not been a problem because the light it has is fine for me. When I am reading in the car, I enlarge the font and it makes seeing the words easier for me. That is the most important factor for me because I can get car sick if I read while riding in the car but with the larger font I don't have that problem. I wear glasses with bifocals and holding this seems to be more comfortable than a book because I can hold it up if I need to. The size is perfect! Again, I can enlarge the font so the smaller screen size really has nothing to do with the readability. Love it!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I just broke my 3rd generation kindle after many years, had to get a new one...the new kindle has more features in an intrusive format, it is hard to get books loaded, deleted, collected, and even to turn the page..an inadvertant tap on the wrong part of the page, or a twitchy finger, and you're down the rabbit hole..I really just want a reader, not another tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves her new kindle, now she can pick from hundreds of books.	Flatscreen TV
If you want to read anytime where there's a light source this is thereafter for you. If you do a lot of night reading the paper white is cheaper considering the add kns you will have to buy for the base model.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got it as a gift for my dad, so far so good.Didn't not realise the special offers are ads, spend more money to buy the one with out them.Also hate the fact they removed the wwan connection, you now need wifi to connect to the store.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Overall good product, does what is advertised, comfortable to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great buy, do a lot of reading and he no glear screen is awesome while in the sun.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
1st kindle screen failed & had to reboot often. Customer Service couldn't fix. Replaced. 2nd one screen reboots often. Customer service offered replace. Just want one that works. Can't get upgrade replacement	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was my second kindle and I didn't realize that it wasn't paper white . What a difference. I took this back to the store and exchanged for paper white.. this was not easy to read for me	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Excellent lightweight way to take a lot of reading materials along when traveling.	iPhone
I used to prefer paper or hardback books but found I had more access to read online. With the kindle I have been able to access my growing library and the battery life is amazing.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it to gift to my friend. Absolutely loved it. Good value.	Lightning Charging Cable
Exactly what I was looking for size wise and functional.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really enjoy reading and on my iPad was hurting my eyes. This Kindle really works great.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love this kindle! It's a life saver when I'm bored at the doctors office!	Apple Airpods Headphones
i liked t because its not harmful to my eye like the monitor or the mobile its the best choice for reading	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Much sleeker and touch response is better. Even wifi connection seems faster might be due to new processor and increase in RAM	Lightning Charging Cable
"Very happy with this ""basic"" ereader. Battery is great, visibility is great (even though it's not a ""paperwhite""), and form factor is comfortable. Special offers (ads) are totally non-invasive and I hardly notice anything; especially since I use the reader with wifi turned off. Sometimes I wish the power button was on the top of the device rather than bottom where I feel I'm more likely to accidentally press it, but hardly a true problem."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I've been using a Kindle almost exclusively and decided to give this one as a Birthday present. Very excited recipient!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very easy to use and with amazon have loads of books to access	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price and works great for book reading. Would recommend	Lightning Charging Cable
Great. Great quality. It's like reading a real book	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great kindle for my needs, it is easy to use and comfortable.	Lightning Charging Cable
Have been using my kindle app on my iPad for years but now can't Imagine using anything besides my kindle to read. Love the backlight so I can read at night.	Wired Headphones
The kindle has a wide variety of ebooks that I thouroughly enjoyed taking on my adventures.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my mom. The type is adjustable and it has a backlight for easy reading !	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle e-readers are the best on the market. While this one doesn't include the built in light it is great for the beach and is still the lightest and smallest version.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Daughter loved this as a gift. She get migraines if she were to read Ebooks on her normal tablet or phone the screen is dull like a book page which leave it easy on her eyes and fingers crossed no headaches	Apple Airpods Headphones
As always, great job! Very easy to use and it's always with me. Only problem I have is the button on the bottom is touchy, but not really an issue. Keep up the good work	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this Kindle Paperwhite for my son to use at school, instead of his more expensive and delicate tablet. The display options make it adaptable for just about anyone, and is much easier on the eyes when reading for an extended period of time. Please keep in mind that this does not have a glowlight. The Kindle is durable, and although I bought a case for it, a case really isnt necessary if you are relatively careful with it. The most surprising thing about this has been the extra long battery life. My son is an avid reader, and noticed that he needs to charge his Kindle considerably less than when he uses his tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
easy to use and has enough space. I highly recommend this product. Also a great gift	Apple Airpods Headphones
I can download my pdf file and read in this kindle. I am satisfied with the performance.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my kindle, makes reading at night so easy and it feels like you are reading a real book.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is my second kindle. As I travel a lot, I love the ability to get electronic versions of books both through Amazon and my local library.	27in FHD Monitor
The Kindle is amazing. This is my second one. The price was misleading however as I had to pay something like another extra 30 bucks to get rid of the ads. Just know that	Apple Airpods Headphones
First kindle debated between this one I got and the back lit version. Very pleased It's compact easy to tote. Using at the beech this week. I have Amazon prime so I get free downloads on books . It is easy to use . I think I would definitely recommend this product to others.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Wasn't a fan of having to get one of these (I'm kinda old school...I like book) but, it really was a nice device. Easy to use and read from. Glad I got it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
UPDATE: I bought both a Fire HD and a Gen 2. (as a present to my mother in law) My initial reviews were written after playing with them for like 20 minutes. I merged both reviews into one to really compare the two products. I'm still answering questions in the comments if you have any. And see the video that compares the two and gives a mini tour of the Kindle system.My Background: I've had 4 android phones, I've had multiple e-readers and my latest 'touch' device is the Le Pan II Android tablet. I've worked on several iPads but never been compelled to spend the extra money for one myself. Wife has a first generation Fire.The new Kindle Fire and Fire HD are the second generation color kindle e-reader/media player/tablet devices. The original Fire received a lot of well earned 4 star reviews. It was a great product but at the end of the day, it was a first generation product. It was no iPad slayer. The Fire HD raises the bar and raises it quite a lot. Jeff Bezos said they set out to make the best tablet available period and -in some regards- they did that in spades. In other ways not so much. (more on this below in the closing thoughts)HARDWARE:BUILD QUALITY:- BOTH are top Notch. I didn't expect anything less from Amazon but they really are solid feeling.- FIRE HD lighter and while it is about the same thickness, the edges are rounded more like an iPad. sleeker look and more comfortable to hold.- FIRE GEN 2 is heavier and 'boxier' built to more fit existing covers I guess. It's heavier too.SIZING:The HD is just a bit taller but a decent bit wider than the Fire. --- NOTE pay attention to accessories because THEY ARE NOT THE SAME SIZE.Read more	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I just received my kindle fire today. I had a hard time deciding between the HD, this, and the paperwhite. I decided on this one, because I really thought I'd like the immersion reading. I have an audible account and I've been reading along to the audiobooks. It's amazing how fast I can get through the books (at 3x speed) and I really retain the info. The immersion reading is super-easy to use and definitely worth upgrading to this. The whole point of the kindle is to read more, and this new feature makes it possible to read 2 or 3 times as many books in the same amount of time. I'm an average-speed reader and was able to read 4 books (with the help of the audiobook reading pace) in the last 30 days and one was the 800+ page Stephen king, 11/22/63.I also tested out the text to speech. It's a lady's voice and much, much, easier to understand than the text to speech on my kindle keyboard. It also has many speed options and I think it reads faster than my kindle keyboard version. I am very, very pleased with it.It is much more responsive than the previous kindle fire I'm upgrading from.If you are worried about the free offers, don't be. I DETEST commercials and advertising so much, I quit reading magazines and watching television. The offers only show on the startup, no big deal. I already took advantage of a 5.00 credit for amazon video. I was able to rent two movies and it only cost me 89 cents, when it was said and done, and I was planning on renting Hunger Games tonight, anyway. So, so far, I don't mind the offers at all.My favorite feature is the immersion reading and the text-to-speech improvements. I also downloaded all the free kindle books with the free audiobooks for the immersion experience.Read more	Flatscreen TV
I purchased the Kindle Fire ten months ago for my daughter. Three weeks after she got it, it was stolen. Amazon worked with our police department to find the person who had taken it. Amazon first put a hold on the person's account and shut down the Kindle Fire so it wouldn't work. Then, once Amazon had a subpoena, Amazon gave the police all the information the thief had registered to my daughter's Kindle Fire and the police were able to recover it and get it back to us. Since that time, we have purchased an additional Kindle Fire and, just recently, a Kindle Fire HD. We use them like iPads at a fraction of the cost and the number of free books and apps available is unmatched by their competitors. Our oldest Kindle Fire (ten months old) just stopped charging and I contacted Amazon via Live Chat. Immediately, they said they would send me a replacement Kindle Fire and would also email me a printing label for free shipping to return the defective one. Their customer service is incredible! The Kindle Fire itself is amazing. The internet is fast connects perfectly to all wi-fi the graphics are clear and sharp the books and apps offered are endless. My teenager listens to Pandora on it constantly. I'm always reading. My husband checks the sports scores. My young sons are always playing the game apps. We have them protected in KlearKase protectors and have found them to be well-made, quality devices. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend a Kindle Fire to anyone of my friends and family.	27in FHD Monitor
My 7 year old son has the 1st gen Kindle Fire, and we've been very happy with it. He mostly plays games on it now, but we plan to purchase more movies and books for it in the future. My 5 year old wanted one too, so we just purchased the 2nd gen Kindle Fire for her. She had been saving her allowance and birthday money this whole year for it. We purchased one the day they were announced!We've had it now for 3 days... and while it's still the same great product, we were disappointed to find (after receiving the device) that the 2nd generation Fire comes WITHOUT a wall charger (which the first gen Fire had) and has a whole mess of ads loaded onto it. My 5 year old can't read very well yet - she couldn't figure out how to get rid of the ads, and was constantly yelling for me to come help her. Also, some of the ads featured more mature themes (ads for sexy prime time tv shows, for example) that I would not want to expose my young child to.To purchase the wall charger, it cost us an extra 20, and it cost us 15 to have the ads turned off. So now we're up to 194 for the Kindle Fire that we thought we were getting for 159, plus a whole bunch of time wasted trying to figure out how to turn off the ads, and waiting for the wall charger to arrive.I am normally a HUGE Amazon fan, but this one leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Would have given the device 4-5 stars on its own, but with the extra expenses and hassle, I have to take it down a couple stars.***Update Oct 10, 2012*** Interesting that many folks have taken my review as an opportunity to comment on my parenting skills. While I'm sure folks are well intentioned (sarcasm), I don't recall asking for parenting advice. Many have said it's ridiculous to buy an eReader for a child who can't read.Read more	Wired Headphones
Good basic tablet for checking email , web browsing , and reading ebooks.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love this tablet. It was a great buy. I would strongly recommend buying it. It's a great reader but also good for surfing the web.	Wired Headphones
Brought my old tablet in to my local store, and when they said that I would need to replace iit, they suggested this tablet. I love this tablet as much as my firsdt one! Easy to set up and use, plus the price was reasonable. :)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good Inexpensive tablet for someone that does not use it that often.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this for my niece. I would say this product is sturdy enough for kids 6 and older. She is able to play games and watch videos on it. She does occasionally read with it too. Overall a great product and won't break your bank.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A great product for my kids and great learning apps at the app store	Wired Headphones
Purchased for my toddler. Best investment yet. Also added the protection plan. Very happy with purchase. Serves it purpose.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Buying this device I thought it could replace my phone which my kids love to use to watch their videos. It's great with applications but it's limited when it comes to kids video outside of Amazon's store.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This is a great tablet for us seniors because it is not overly complicated to use. The 7"" screen is just the right size for old eyes. This amazon tablet is perfect for most things we need to use a tablet for. The batteryseems to last a long time. It is a great buy."	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice tablet for the price. Got it for my son Birthday. Hasn't opened it yet but my brother in law has 2 and it works great. Great tablet for kids just in case they break it	ThinkPad Laptop
I got two of these for my young kids. It does everything I could ask for and I can limit how much they use it. Great product for a great price	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a great value for the price point of the tablet	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my class! I love the setting for it! I have a child account so my students can only use the apps that I put! Awesome tablet!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product rooted with custom ROM. Slim ROM on XDA.	iPhone
Parental controls are amazing and easy to use on this kindle.	20in Monitor
My son loves it. It was very affordable. And it has everything you need. I enjoy the compact size	USB-C Charging Cable
Overall this is a great tablet for the money. It does exactly what you need it to do. If you looking for a tablet to search the web, or just do basic things this is the tablet that you should get.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Tablet is good for it's cost. Works cool. Not used much so far.	20in Monitor
Easy enough for a 5 year old to use and with the chip added he can add games to his tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought four of these for.my kids for xmas. They haven't put them dwn willingly yet! I think it was a great deal for a great product!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I own an older model but wanted to get my relatives a good and fairly priced tablet and the kindle goes above and beyond. Great price on an excellent tablet. I purchased 3 and everyone loved them and they are easy to use as well! I would recommend to anyone at any age!	Wired Headphones
I was very pleased with the Amazon Fire 7 inch tablet. The product is priced right making it a great buy and value.	Wired Headphones
this is just as good as a laptop of ipad why waste money on something expensive get this	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this in thanksgiving day. It's good for the price !!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Something new for my wife. She is still earning how to navigate the item but enjoys more apps at her finger tips. Its small and compact and easy t take on trips so she can read, take pictures or listen to her music.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"the new kindle is a good, inexpensive 7"" tablet with nice features and a good easy to use operating system. It is responsive and the screen has a good resolution. 8GB is adequate and the provided SD card slot allows you to increase your storage capacity."	Wired Headphones
Good and easy to buy this tablet with low price! Worth to buy	20in Monitor
this tablet works great and is a great price made great christmas presents	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this tab for my mother. I felt it was a great Christmas gift. She was very exited to see it and actually thought to get one. I might buy one for myself.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
battery life is good. clarity and color are good. still learning how to navigate.	USB-C Charging Cable
Had to buy Sims cards for more storage but good choice for kids	USB-C Charging Cable
Small enough to carry and works fast enough for small jobs	Wired Headphones
Bought for my 6 yr old autistic grandson. So far so good with parental guidance.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is my first tablet. It's very user friendly. Like the parental controls on it. So my kids can use it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for beginners, nice and simple. Great price	Wired Headphones
This was a great present for my husband who is extremely tech savvy and very particular about his choice of equipment. He was overjoyed with this. Glad I choose to stick with Samsung.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is an amazing tablet for the value price. It has gone beyond my expectations. These operate fast and efficiently. The screen clarity is excellent. Photos aren't as clear as they could be, but for the price they are wonderful. These are an excellent purchase!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is an awesome tablet. Very easy to access and read books as well as to add apps	Wired Headphones
For it being a Amazon tablet it does everything you need it to do on a general point.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased as a gift for daughter and she hasn't put it down yet.This is now her go to device over her laptop,MP3 player or phone. To me that speaks volumes!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my mom for Christmas so she won't use up all her data on her phone. So far she is really enjoying it and likes the screen size. Great tablet for someone who is looking to just begin.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought the Amazon Fire as a gift and it works great. If you want a tablet that is not expensive and will work for games this would be a great choice.	Lightning Charging Cable
i bought this for my husband and he loves using it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased for a child as a first tablet. Coupled with the price, it's a good introductory option for streaming media and playing games.	ThinkPad Laptop
Slow to use because there are constant popups. Barely dropped it 2 feet to the ground and now it doesn't work. Highly unsatisfied.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a gift bought because I have had one for years and am completely happy with everything about it.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this product as a gift for a couple of boys. They really enjoy it. It also works great with Amazon Prime.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a good device for your kindle books and magazines. Very slow if you want to stream videos though. Don't think it was made for that. For its price is a great buy.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this for my mom for Easter - her eye sight isn't as good as it use to be but she loved to play games on her phone. So this is bigger for her to play her games and for 80 years young she is doing great with it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got one of these for my 3 yr old nephew and 2 yr old niece. They are just the right size, durable and a good price point.	Lightning Charging Cable
The kindle fire has ton of space for all your books and is easy to operate and understand. I bought it for my husband who cannot operate a basic computer but has caught on very well to the kindle	USB-C Charging Cable
You can't go wrong when you get an amazon product. I got this particular tablet for my 3 year old daughter and she simply loves it. She navigates on it alone with ease.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nifty gadget, useful and easy to carry around. Just enough performance and features needed for a tablet for its price range. I would recommend this item for those who wanting to try a tablet.	LG Dryer
No worries with this tablet. It's easy to work and has all the functionality of the big boys.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this as a replacement for my original Kindle Fire I bought 4 years. ago. This has more features and many upgrades for 1/3 of the cost of original Kindle ! The technology we have now days is unbelievable ! Thanks Best Buy for a great product that I can afford !	USB-C Charging Cable
I needed something to read kindle books on and to watch occasional videos with. This inexpensive tablet packs a lot of features for a great price. Does everything I ask of it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Incredible value - at $49.99 this tablet is a wonder. Easy to use right out of the box. I'm not a techie, so ease of use is a must. Watch movies, read e-mail, download a book, listen to music and much more. Small size makes it easy to carry in your purse. I'm very happy with my purchase!	Wired Headphones
For $50 dollars I would buy this tablet 99 out of 100!	Lightning Charging Cable
"I already have a Kindle Paperwhite, which I don't leave home without. I now have my husband hooked on the Fire 7"". I have used it a little, but it it primarily his. He really likes it. Easy to use. Nice large display."	Lightning Charging Cable
I love being able to read on the tablet and not have to use the battery on my telephone.	Google Phone
I love my fire tablet . I even got one for my son who had a Digiland & this tablet outdose it. Love it!	Wired Headphones
Great product kindle fire got one for mom and dad for Christmas presents nice to add storage	Lightning Charging Cable
My wife loves her new Kindle Fire. Great add for the front a rear facing camera as well as the basic features. Another add for this devise is the added storage option.	27in FHD Monitor
I love my kindle.,for the price this thing is great and does what I need it to do	Flatscreen TV
this is great for the price. It is slow on certain application.	Google Phone
The battery life isn't great and it needs more memory. But the value is pretty good, and my kids love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
purchased to replace an old tablet to have around and for children. everyone likes it	Wired Headphones
My son and I wanted to find a small tablet to watch videos on and do some basic internet browsing. This tablet fit the bill perfectly. We weren't looking for all the bells and whistles and wanted to find something in our budget. At $49 this little piece of Fire is amazing. The graphics are great, not HD but still great. The speed is acceptable and otherwise it's easy to use. I love the dimensions, it's easy to carry and not heavy. Absolutely Love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was a gift to my nine year old and he loves it nice resolution fast, and slim. Cant beat it for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my 14 year old and she loves it. Reads books on in all the time	Wired Headphones
We got this mainly so that my husband could listen to music while getting ready for sleep. Really works well.	27in FHD Monitor
If you just want a tablet that gets the job done. Then here you go.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I picked up this tablet when it was on sale. It wasn't a tablet meant for primary use and it is not an iPad. But for the price, the tablet is very powerful. With Amazon prime I could do much more than I expected. My complaint is that the front facing camera zooms too much on your face. Also, there is only so much that a single speaker can achieve. But it is definitely worth buying as a backup tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the third fire in our house now and they're all solid, if unspectacular. For $40, the hardware can't be beat, but this newest version of the operating system is very clunky and not intuitive in the least. Once you get over th leading curve though, it's a good way to keep the boy quiet on a plane	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like the tablet. We got it for my nephew who is 5. He can easily use it daily. He has a lot of educational games downloaded and it stays charged for awhile.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter fell in love with it instantly best ever	Apple Airpods Headphones
You won't find a better tablet for the price. Tried multiple different tablets in the same price range and the amazon fire outperformes them all in every category. If you want a good tablet and on a budget, this is your tablet!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this as a gift for mother's day, after her several attempts to use lower quality tablets that died quickly. She likes the size for her hands. Convenient for her to carry and use. Quickly gets email and plays her games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I think that this tablet is only good for reading books. It's not very fast, so you won't be able to do anything else.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased the Kindle Fire for my mom as a Mothers Day present, and she loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was easy to set up my Amazon account and I was using within minutes. Great for travel and being able to read any of my books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
need more expects on tablet & computer with nohow.	USB-C Charging Cable
I like the large display, it is very readable for this old man's eyes. The colors are vibrant and crisp. It plays videos well. I love the Amazon Underground absolutely free apps and games. The only drawback for me is the Amazon modified Android OS. I'm slowly figuring it out. The cameras leave a lot to be desired, although they are not the reason I bought this. It is a bit heavy for me, but with a folio it is easier to hold. I also bought the tempered glass screen protector.	Wired Headphones
I am enjoying my Amazon seven inch tablet. It is fast paced with good graphics and long battery life. The main problem is that the volume is lower than other tablets. Still,great deal for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great item for my kids are you recommend it to anyone that wants to replace an iPad for their kids	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a very good tablet which has power CPU and lots of features. I glad I purchased it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet. Phenomenal value for the money. I've bought one for everyone in my family.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
No problems so far. Used by my 15 year old to play games and browse the Internet.	LG Washing Machine
Great for music ,movies and games a lot of space 7 inches	Apple Airpods Headphones
"This is a good product for a good price. Please note my use of the word ""good"". The Amazon Fire tablet is not the best tablet on the market but it is a good deal for a low price. I bought this product as a gift for my mom and she likes it. It gets the job done. She uses it occasionally to read during her morning commute on the train or in a busy waiting room. This is not a product built for heavy use."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this to download videos to watch while going on a long road trip. It worked perfect for that.	iPhone
This tablet give you the opportunity of everything, surf the web, email, music, games, etc.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought the Fire for my 86 year old mother. Yes, she's 86 and still works part time at a museum. Her co-workers communicate at times with emails and she was not able to participate. The Fire was the perfect answer for an inexpensive and easy to operate device to keep her in the loop with all the upcoming events. The Fire is easy to operate and wasn't too intimidating like a laptop or desktop. Mom has caught right on and is using it daily. Great choice for a beginner. Very happy it's working for her.	Lightning Charging Cable
LIMITED CAPACITY BUT FOR THE PRICE IT IS A VERY GOOD BUY	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"The apps I really want it won't let me download. I don't like that I HAVE to sign up for ""One Click"" with a credit card."	Apple Airpods Headphones
He was amazed that he can serf the web, go onto face book, place amazon orders. Read books so quickly.Play games and likes the front and back cameras.	LG Dryer
THIS A GREAT PRICE FOR THIS SIZE TV IT HAS EVERYTHING WE WANTED SMART 4K	iPhone
I bought this because I did not want to spend hundreds of dollars on a tablet. For $50, I really have no complaints. I am able to install thousands of apps, browse the web, watch movies and so much more for such a reasonable price.	Lightning Charging Cable
then you have a beast of a tablet. Especially when you can catch these on sale for $39.95	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet especially for the price. The only draw back is that I could not load an app that I needed for work because Kindle does not accept google play apps.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought 3 off them all together go get your now works good when shopping online	Lightning Charging Cable
Wanted to get my wife an upgrade to her old Kindle and this was it. Works great and she likes the fact that it is in color.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tables for kids. I haven't had any issues with them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The 7 inch Kindle Fire is just right for me to put in my purse to take to appointments at the Dr office or anywhere you have to wait. I have really enjoyed it and have bought 3 for relatives and friends	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet as Bestbuy was closing them out. I find the screen is okay but not iPad quality. The speed is fine for my intended use but I would not be happy if I needed to use as my primary tablet.The operating system is lower then the current android build and I have not found a upgrade path.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For the money the best tablet you can buy. I bought a bunch of these for my nieces to play with. I love my kindle and for the money it allows them to do a wide variety of activities.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great first tablet for kids. Lots of game and the battery life is good!	Lightning Charging Cable
We have a first generation Kindle that stopped taking a charge so I decided to get one of the newer cheaper models at my local store. He loves it and it plays more games now that it's got a faster processor.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased three tablets for my kids and I have not been disappointed. I am considering purchasing two more.	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought the tablet to give as a prize in a baby shower contest. We thought it was a good price and we decided to purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you want an easy way to read a book or check out social media then this item at around $50 is a steal!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great price for tablet. Works great for my 3 year old that loves trains so can watch all the train videos on Amazon Prime and can limit the time with the FreeTime settings on the tablet.	Wired Headphones
We bought this tablet for my son to do his homeschool classes on, and he loves it!	Wired Headphones
The Kindle Fire is great device for the whole family. My daughters and I use it to read on. You can change the size of the font, and the background color and brightness. In addition my son uses it for games and my husband to check sports scores via the Internet.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I got this as an upgrade for my old kindle & I love the new features! Crisp clear picture, easy to find app locations & tabs. Well organized. They added ""blue shade"" to adjust the color of the screen when reading at night because exposure to blue light is supposed to impede sleep. When reading it learns your pace & gives you an estimate on when you will finish the book which I think is neat. Can watch Netflix/Hulu. All around great product in my opinion."	Lightning Charging Cable
Its a beginner tablet. Not so great interface. I prefer larger size tablet	Flatscreen TV
Bought the new for Father's Day. Works well sometimes have to reset it to connect to Internet. All the apps are easy to access.	Apple Airpods Headphones
i mean if you want just a tablet to read some books and browse internet thats fine.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for games and books. Good size for travel.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was a bit worried that I wouldn't like the tablet. I had watched the prices go up and down on Amazon. I wish I had bought one when they were $29.99. I also read all of the reviews and watched video reviews. I had a trip coming up that I didn't want to take my laptop on and took the plunge. I was glad that I did. I was able to watch Netflix, Hulu, HBO Go (HBO Now) and YouTube with no problems. It is a great tablet for the price. I also have some books loaded to read later. I have been using my Kindle touch for that. If you do buy this tablet I would suggest getting a memory card.	ThinkPad Laptop
I use it for games and movies...its great..good picture quality....great sound...could use more storage space..but i guess thats why they make sd cards...	iPhone
It's so much better than her viewing on her tiny phone. Great price too.	Google Phone
Love this tablet easy to use. Wonderful color and compact enough to carry.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is pretty cool, and reasonably priced. Easy enough for kids to use and I would recommend for those interested in buying one that don't wanna spend a lot.	Google Phone
As I said, The item worth more than the price. It was emailed/introduced to me by bestbuy.com and I am lucky to buy it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for the price. Works great and is easy to operate.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet was a gift for my nephews and nieces to share (ages 4-8). Their eyes lit up as soon as they tore off the paper and saw the bright orange package. It was easy to set up and they were quickly downloading and installing their favorite games from the Amazon App Store. Screen quality appears to be very good and processing speed is very quick! Our only regret is that we didn't buy the 3-pack so that they each could have their own instead of sharing! Great performance value and much appreciated gift!	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this for my 8 year old for Christmas. She loves it. She's been playing on it since she opened it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice tablet. I purchased this tablet for my mom as well as my daughter they both love this tablet. Good for general web surfing and loading books.	Wired Headphones
This device is OK for reading or listening to audiobooks via Overdrive app. Wouldn't recommend it though really. Waited to buy Kindle for years. Would suggest doing research before buying this device.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought Fire tablet on impulse and not sorry. Like much better than my Samsung Galaxy Tab 2. Felt 8 g was enough storage space since they've now added external storage space.	Google Phone
I got this gift for the wife for a starter tablet and she loves it!	Macbook Pro Laptop
For the price this tablet is a very good choice, purchased one for my girlfriend and I and are very happy with them. Good processing capability and resolution is what is expected.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a very good basic tablet. The resolution is excellent and is great for reading or surfing the Internet. The only annoyance is the adds that pop up on the home screen.	27in FHD Monitor
I got these for my children for Christmas they are great for them for the size	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Apps for square, PayPal, and such not available bought thinking best option for business. Not so. Needed inexpensive great. Need certain apps check before buying.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Sturdy item great value for price. User friendly. Highly recommend.	27in FHD Monitor
Nice tablet for my eight year old son. Very light and easy to set up.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet and price for my four year old she really enjoys it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love my new tablet! So easy to navigate and set up. Have used a little so far, and have no issues with any of the apps/ installed programs. Lots of things to do.	Flatscreen TV
Great tablet for my daughter. Does everything she needs to do with it and easy set up. She loves it. Might be the best present she got for Christmas this year.	Wired Headphones
Works well but too much advertisements with little control over content.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
does everything i need it to do for my business needs	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this tablet on black Friday and I'm very happy with it. Haven't even touched my ipad since buying this little guy.	USB-C Charging Cable
Christmas presents for our girls. They work really well.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love shopping at Best Buys. Better deals than Walmart.	Lightning Charging Cable
Affordable and easy to use. Holds my books and my games	Lightning Charging Cable
Just needed a small tablet for video and surfing. Perfect.	Wired Headphones
Got it for my granddaughter, she loves it, great for games and internet	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is the 2nd Fire I purchased. Had to return the first due to a flaw creating an inability to connect to wifi. So far this one works great. Use it mostly for reading.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great product for my seven year old granddaughter.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got a great deal on this and bought it. It does the basics. No more. No less. The display is below average, at best. And the Amazon App Store is a bit clunky. But you get what you pay for and I'm satisfied.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought more than 4 of these for our kids and they were worth it!	Lightning Charging Cable
This little tablet is amazing for my 7 year old! He can play games, watch movies, and read books! Most everything is free but there are some games, books, and movies that you have to buy. I'm super impressed! Great battery life too!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Cheap and works great awesome beginner tablet amazon did a great job affordable and great for something just to have and play with	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Such a great tablet! Got my mother it for Christmas and she loves it!	Wired Headphones
I bought this table for my 8 year old nephew and he love it a bit small but for him its good	iPhone
No bad for the price. The bad is the got too many adds an you can't take it out	Apple Airpods Headphones
Not Kid friendly at all. Purchased for little nephew. Wasn't given any info on it for sales person either. Took back!!!	Wired Headphones
Able to read book and use apps like Netflix. Feels slow when you are used to using an ipad, but obviously there is a big price difference.	USB-C Charging Cable
Screen was cracked but the package did arrive earlier than expected	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
For the price a decent tablet. Some apps don't want to download.	Google Phone
I LIKE IT BUT WHAT I DONT LIKE ARE THE ADS THAT HIDE AS SCREEN SAVERS. INTRUSIVE.	Lightning Charging Cable
My other kids have a tablet like this one and my youngest wanted one. They all love having their own and really like these. They were not a bad price either.	USB-C Charging Cable
I just want a small tablet to check news, weather etc from time to time, and this product works well for that purpose. It is not as fast on my iPad2 but it is a good choice considering the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Happy with quality and resolution. Would recommend	Bose SoundSport Headphones
good product for less price.Best deal from bestbuy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
good tablet for kids, basic functionality. not much memory	Bose SoundSport Headphones
No bells or whistles but does what I want for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
So far so good. Display is not as bright or clear as my iPhone but then again I only paid 30 dollars for the tablet	USB-C Charging Cable
Thank you for the gifts and thank you for the great customer service.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for a friends daughter and she loves it she is 10.	Wired Headphones
I bought several of the Amazon Tablets as gifts and my family and friends were ecstatic! I have not given a gift with such great reception in a while.	USB-C Charging Cable
I thought the size was a little small bit besides that it's nice and battery is good	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a good entry level tablet, especially if you already has Amazon prime.A lot of power for the price. The only consideration is that is only has 8g of storage.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Can't complain about a very inexpensive tablet. Got it on black Friday for a great price. Works great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I purchased the 7"" and 8"" units at the same time. They are both nice little tablets for using the Amazon apps and cruzing the internet, but the 7"" is lacking the additional 512Mb of ram an 8Gb of storage that make the 8"" worth the additional money."	Lightning Charging Cable
Works very good and fast!!! Great screen resolution.	27in FHD Monitor
Great smooth tablets with many apps to choose from	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablet works great! No problems or concerns! Great for kids also.	27in FHD Monitor
Purchased as a secondary tablet to my iPad so that I could have an inexpensive one to use that I didn't have to worry about ... Easy to set up & has great speed.. Like that it has expandable memory!	Wired Headphones
Very good tablet and it works very well. Easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's the best price media streaming tablet on the market. I watch everything on it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
this is a good one, easy to read and browsethis is a good one, easy to read and browse	Wired Headphones
the description sounded like the base unit was included with the coding game - which it was not.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for what it is supposed to be- not a high-end iPad for sure, but for the price, can't beat it. Gift for my son, a low risk way to acclimate him to tablets, but not a big loss if he destroys it. Relatively speedy, good resolution, OS takes a LOT of getting used to after iOS... parental controls were a nice addition.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a nice low price entry point into the tablet market. Some folks use them allot, while others don't. This is a non-expensive way to find out.	27in FHD Monitor
"I am surprised that they could sell this tablet for so low considering it's quality. It's not the best tablet by a long shot but I haven't had many complaints for the price. The apps and OS run very well; not sluggish like one may think. The screen and sound quality isn't super HD but it's acceptable."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for my God daughter whom just wanted to FaceTime on Facebook messenger. Works great for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
my daughter really loves her kindle fire,awesome choice	20in Monitor
Bought this for my grandchildren for Christmas as they were always on mine.	Lightning Charging Cable
easy to read and great resolution. will probably get another for a family member	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two of these tablets for my twin boys bday! They just turned 8 years old on Aug 22. They really like them. Also the graphics are awesome. I really would like to get the purple for myself.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Does exactly what you wanted to, very nice looking seems to be a solid product	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect tablet for beginning reader. Great for games and videos.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Not really much to say here but it does the job. I'm not use to the Amazon store as I am with the Google store but I can live with it. This was a spur of the moment but where I wanted something to take on the plane and not spend a lot. And so far it has been my traveling buddy. For the price it is good and does what it should without to many compromises; ( ads) if your not looking for a lot nice stop."	Wired Headphones
I got this because it was much cheaper than the iPad and it supports flash. The bonus comes with the ability to binge on my Netflix series and listen to music.	iPhone
This is not recommended if you have inpatient kids.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a gift for my granddaughter. She absolutely understand how to use the tablet and totally enjoys the product. Excellent charging time and last her all day. Best buy had the best price out of the 3 nearby stores. Staff was very friendly and efficient.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Needed something smaller than my Samsung 10 inch tablet to carry around and this worked great.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good My wife likes it better that the more expensive ones and other brands	Apple Airpods Headphones
nothing to say about this product...bought as a gift	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Price was right and works like a champ. Bought for my mom and she loves it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle fires have been great for the grandbabies.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is just the right size for travel and the kids.It has the Amazon app store and user interface and lots ofgreat features. Auto uploads pictures and videos to your Amazon cloud.If you have Prime you can watch Amazon prime Video too	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased two of these tablets. Both of them had 4-7 dead pixels all over the screen. Read a lot of online reviews which stated same problem. The screen/resolution is pretty bad but what can you expect for $50.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my nephews and they love love love it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love that tablets bought the tablets for friend that love it	Lightning Charging Cable
Great screen, fast and responsive touch controls, and linked to Amazon for your apps. Overall, the best tablet you can find for under $50.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet makes for the perfect gift! Highly recommend	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Inexpensive beginner tablet for little kids. Has anything they can ask for for a good price. Amazon did a good job on offering technology to practically anybody.	USB-C Charging Cable
this was just ok... wish the camera quality was better.	20in Monitor
As the title says, the tablet isn't bad for the price, good enough for books and just browsing the internet.	Lightning Charging Cable
better than original kindle fire. definitely more functional	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent! New kindle fire tablet. This one better. Has camera, camcorder, and more organized	Wired Headphones
Bought for my daughter for middle school reading. It's perfect	Wired Headphones
"If you can afford to get the HD versions I would go for those; however this is a great starter kindle. Love all the parent controls!"	Wired Headphones
Like the product, takes a little time to restore previous data	iPhone
Item was bought as a gift I haven't used the device seems my 6 year old was enjoying the games he downloaded	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this item for a kid and she love it,, best of all the color make the product well like able, She claimed that it is fast and the parent is able to set up parental control.Parental control help parent to monitor activity easily	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the tablet so does my 2 year old she watches her shoes all day long on it its very user friendly	Wired Headphones
Tablet is a great size to hold and allow children to play games on (such as ABC mouse), and even got Pokemon Go to work on it after some fiddling. Only complaint is how much needs to be on the system storage, even when having a large SD card, so that limits how much you can have.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my almost 3yr old. We didn't want to splurge on an iPad and this was a great price. We love to read books on it and watch movies in the car!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this tablet with the desire to Root and maybe flash a custom ROM. While you can down grade to a previous version to root with kingroot, you can no longer flash custom roms. Still happy with purchase. This is my 3rd Fire 2015.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon typically makes good quality products for a decent price, so this tablet on sale for $35 was a no-brainer. Plus, it's easy to install Kodi and the Play Store without having to hack the device.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's easy to operate pluse is good price range. It's great for teens.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought this to replace my NOOK HD 7"". Screen is way better than the NOOK HD."	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my youngest daughter. She loves it. Will buy again.	Product
I got this tablet for my 2 year old after her previous tablet cracked when she dropped it, and wasn't too impressed with it. I had to wait about 3 weeks for the Wifi to be setup at home, and found out it was way too reliant on the internet for most things to work. After inserting the SD card from her other tablet I was hoping it'd be easy to view videos, pictures, and music and had such a hard time figuring it out. It took a long time for the videos and pictures to show up because I wasn't connected to Wifi, and it didn't recognize any music files. Once I did connect it, it was annoying to see that ads were displayed on the Lock Screen. Overall it's a good tablet, but I just didn't like all the apps that are installed and rely on Amazon's paid services.	iPhone
My grand daughter has her educational apps on her tablet and enjoys them tremendously!	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet for my granddaughter, and she can't put it down!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For the price it works fairly well. I would recommend it for a novice or first time user.	27in FHD Monitor
We have gotten new Kindle every year grand children love them	Wired Headphones
Happy with product especially at this price. Easy to use and small to carry with me	Wired Headphones
Amazon has made a device that's very easy to use for a first time tablet user like myself.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Fire is a fantastic tablet and is so economical. My granddaughter loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon fire is a great inexpensive tablet. I only wish that it had a more true version of Android. There are some games and apps that won't work on the fire because of how much Amazon has changed the Android OS.	ThinkPad Laptop
I was amazed how little it cost to get a Kindle Fire these days. I passed down my iPad mini to my son because he uses it a lot and I just wanted something to watch Netflix and read books. The big plus is the book lending library with our prime membership. It's noticibly slower than my old iPad, but for $50 I'm very happy with it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablets that I purchased have worked great for their purpose. Only problem I have is a couple glitches I keep running into. It's frozen up twice. I end up having to wait til it dies to restart it. Kinda sucks but other than that, my kids love it and I'm happy.	iPhone
Bought for my 6 year old. I recommend using a third party case. The kindle one is great for impacts but it pops out with a simple twist.	Lightning Charging Cable
Tablet has many features. Great Tablet for reading, storing your resume, surfing the web and downloading books. The price is amazing	Flatscreen TV
The tablet works well. Do wish it play store. It is easy enough for him to use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
it is a good table for children and it has a good price.	iPhone
PURCHASED FOR A 92 YEAR YOUNG LADY TO BE ABLE TO PLAY BEJEWLED BLITZ. SHE LOVES IT !	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this tablet. It does everything that I wanted for a tablet when I was comparing between different brands. The only thing that I should have done was, purchased the 16 gig version. The space goes quickly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my 5 year old. It is easy to use and i love the Kindle Freetime. Great price. Pretty durable.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We recently bought all our grandkids a tablet to have of their own.. great tablet to play games on and educational things as well.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like it I got it for my nephew birthday now I can get it out off his hands	iPhone
It is small,lightweight and fits easily into a backpack	20in Monitor
Perfect size for playing online games and searching the web.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use. I would recommend to others! Have friends who will buy one!	Google Phone
Bought this for my nephew who reads a lot. He likes to download books and play games. Great price for the quality.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I don't like this tablet as Android is not working well	Macbook Pro Laptop
My wife and I are so happy with the range of functions on this product that we bought one as a gift for her sister. Love the clear and crisp screen and ability to navigate easily.	Wired Headphones
You won't find a better value. Especially if you are a Prime member, this device is a fantastic basic tablet. Worth every penny.	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet for the price and is easy for my kids to use they love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is nice tablet with great functions. Great for reading books. Fairly easy to use on the web. Lots of Apps available.	Lightning Charging Cable
My son has enjoyed using this to read books and stream the internet. The price was great too!	Apple Airpods Headphones
These are perfect for kids to use and have some nice features for only 50 bucks. I recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
is simple and easy to use, also is perfect size for my purse or a carry on bag	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my 4th Kindle and my 1st from Best Buy. It was much easier to purchase on line and pick up at the store a short time later.	USB-C Charging Cable
Our six year old grandson wanted a tablet to use when he visits. This has all the features we were looking for, it is secure, only allows the kind of educational and fun applications we approve of.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Needs to have some hardcopy instructions in the package..	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Son loves this tablet kid friendly tons of games very pleased	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is so easy to use for all ages. Already comes charged & ready to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this during the deal of the day for a great price. My son loves it and has downloaded plenty of games to keep him busy. Small enough to fit in my purse or a book bag and keep him busy while on car rides or in waiting rooms.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
this I ,y grandson's second tablet. his first was a nabi. this one is very easy to use and setup. can also use parental controls. he and I both love it!	Vareebadd Phone
I bought it for my daughter's birthday and she loves it!	Flatscreen TV
It's ok. I love that I can set up my 5 year old on his own with the children's setting. The battery dies really fast though. We can't even make it through a long car ride without having to plug it in.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for watching movies on the go. I just put a bunch of movies on a micro sd card and it plays them. Good value for the price.	Wired Headphones
This tablet is awesome! I use this tablet to look at my emails, check facebook, browse the internet, playing games, shop a little and of course, read books. Does all this with ease, and I don't have any issues or problems. Lots of apps to load with ease. Great product!Overall, This Kindle fire works great and meets my needs. I could not be more happy with my purchase. Highly recommend!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet to watch my recorded TV shows while I am at quilt retreats. I also can watch Netflix and Amazon prime. I like that is takes a micro SD card!! Picture and sound are very good!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Made this purchase for my daughter. She is used to iOS but was able to figure out the differences very quickly and had no issues. Its great to have a cheaper tablet for her movies and games, especially during road trips	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was looking to bu an affordable tablet but with all the necessary features and this tablet is great. Good touch, display and speed. Very happy to buy this but would have been happier if I would have got some discount.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Pro's GPS accurate--easy to set-upCons small screen--does not count stairs adequately--would not push notification to my Samsung 7 edge	Apple Airpods Headphones
Can't beat the price these are going for, gets the job done.	Wired Headphones
The picture is crystal clear. The resolution is amazing given the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this Kindle Fire tablet for my 8yr old and she loves it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Wow - for 49.99? You gotta be kidding me. What a great buy for the money!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price fast delivery will be buying from Best Buy again	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Have you considered buying a kindle for your kids? This is the one to get. Anything else and you're over spending. Pros:Great app selectionGreat free apps due to UndergroundExtremely affordableSD card supportCons:Bad storage management - when you run out of internal space, the device stops functioning correctly!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for beginners and senior citizens. Simple to operate.	27in FHD Monitor
Great little tablet for the price !! Bought it for the kids when they come over, can't beat it!	Google Phone
Small and cheap gift for my nieces who like to listen to bible stories	Bose SoundSport Headphones
A very good handy tablet, good product for the money, excellent integration into AMZN universe of fire tab/website/prime etc, fast and easy to use,	Lightning Charging Cable
Pretty easy to use...small enough for little hands...nice as card slot toExpand memory	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my Kindle. Wish it had more memory but overall it's the best electronic thing I have purchased for myself.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"All of our kids - ages 4, 7 and 8 - have had their own Kindle Fire for almost two years. They're generally pretty careful with them since they've been told that broken Kindles will not be replaced. In one case, the Kindle simply stopped working - it would no longer turn on. There was a great deal going on so we did replace it. What a perfect product for a child! So many apps are available and they can learn new things while thinking they're just having fun. ;)"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not a bad tablet for the price. Iris skittle different from other tablet brands	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Have wanted some type of Kindle for quite a while, especially for reading the many free non-fiction history books I've downloaded for my genealological research. Couldn't pass up the sale price on this model and it is everything I hoped for.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is the perfect size for kids. It's great for adults too if your looking for something not so big.	Lightning Charging Cable
I use my Amazon fire tablet to allocate kids to watch TV through my TWC app, as well as to download and stream music. If you are a heavy Amazon user this app is perfect for you. Holds charge for a decent amount of time as well.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this kindle fire for a Secret Santa gift that my family does each year! I was so excited when I was able to get it on sale which made it in the price range of the Swap! This was a huge hit and he continues to use this today a year later!	Google Phone
My granddaughter loves it best thing ever I highly recommend it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great price .. great tablets for kids .. recommend the tablet	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my son. He likes that he can take it with him where ever he goes. Great quality for the money. I paid 3x this for my kindle and this one does everything mine does. I'll be purchasing more as Christmas gifts.	Lightning Charging Cable
We got these tablets for our 4 year old and 9 year old and they love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Use this device everyday. So much easier to carry than an iPad. Plus, Alexa is amazing.	USB-C Charging Cable
I brought this for my 3YR OLD and she loves it. It'd very easy for her to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought it for my nephew. The processor is quick. Good tablet for that price.	Wired Headphones
I love the Amazon Kindle Fire. Great buy! I use mine all the time	Apple Airpods Headphones
the only thing this needs is more space. The tablet works great! and adding apps was easy, it just did not have enough space for my endless amount of apps I use. but my granddaughter plays with it all day!	USB-C Charging Cable
Really like my Fire 7. Specifically bought it for a vacation so I could read and check my email for my business. So far I love it. Only downside is the connection speed is somewhat slow. When connected through WiFi at home, it is slower than any Laptop. Also, if you want to play games, I highly suggest the larger version. Hoping my husband gets me a stylist for Christmas to make some of the games a little easier.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a good product at a good price. I got it for my 8 year old and it serves the purpose.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great little tablet. Price was great! Can do almost anything on it just like an ipad but cheaper!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"This is a good kids 1st. Tablet and for a price that wouldn't be too damaging if it happens to ""fall"" or ""malfunction."" Just be you install all the parental apps needed before you hand it over to them."	Wired Headphones
The bigger screen it so much better to do anything on. Games and movies are better because you can actually see them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a superior product. Easy setup, easy to use. Reasonably priced and great for the book worm who loves reading.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Don't bother wasting the extra money on the official Amazon Kids Fire Tablet, we got this with a nice case and 32 GB SD card (both of those from Amazon) for cheaper than the bundle price from Amazon directly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
No matter if full priced or on sale, this tablet is definitely worth it. Pop a microSD card in and don't look back. Paired with a Prime membership you will be able to read, shop, watch all that Amazon has to offer. I purchased a couple more as gifts after using this for a couple of weeks.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my mom who wanted to read and use it for apps. Perfect tablet for that and the price is great. You can't go wrong with a Fire Tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought 2 of these tablets for my kids on their birthdays. Very easy to set up and use. Also very easy to use and monitor the kids usage and controls to what they download and watch. Great part is anytime they download something, an email is sent to the parent notifying them what was downloaded.	27in FHD Monitor
My mom loves it. She doesn't even use her chromebook anymore. I love my new chromebook shhhhhh.	Wired Headphones
I love this tablet. This is the third one I have given out because I liked mine so much. the price is just right and value is out of sight	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my 11 year old nephew and he uses it a lot.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought it for my son but the whole family uses it. We really enjoy it	Apple Airpods Headphones
easy to use and quality product for the price. primarily use as an e-reader	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazon makes this tablet a no brainer. The performance and price are unmatched by any other tablet on the market. As and entry level tablet with all the entertainment extra Amazon offers, it is a great deal.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchase this kindle fo your child and they will LOVE you! Seriously!	Wired Headphones
I purchased this for my 6yr old niece and she absolutely love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet and great for the kids and simple to use and set up. I got 5 for my nephews and never had a problem with them.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tables is fast and easy to use. I love the reading books in it and watch movies.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon warranty of this product is great for a reason, it needs to be because they have to keep replacing it. I had two that died within weeks and every single one has broken the screen.	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought 2 of these for Xmas kids love them great	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought this for my 3 yr old grandson & it has taught him his ABC's, his numbers, his colors, animal sounds and more!! Very kid friendly and he loves his "" tabo"" as he calls it!!"	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought two of these for Christmas for our girls and they have been great. Educational apps are easy to find and utilize plus Amazon prime access gives great selection of movies etc. frustrated with too many ads though so I only gave it 4 stars	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have used other e-readers,and picked this as a early Christmas present for myself. While I primarily use it for books. I have used it as a tablet. I would recommend it for anyone.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use, good battery time. Would recommend for anyone.	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids are very pleased with their tablets and i was please with how easy it was to set up and use right away	Lightning Charging Cable
Love it Cheap and good tablet. Has no memory but it's ok it does what I need it to do and my niece loves it! She's entertained! Would buy more!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"Amazon has a great way of stream-lining their platform, operating system, and design style all within this 1 tablet; great product!"	Flatscreen TV
It's a great product. I recommended to everyone. :-)	USB-C Charging Cable
Gave this as a gift, and I have to say, it does everything he wants a tablet to do. Win win!	Lightning Charging Cable
Run nice and smooth in long run. Overall great buy.	27in FHD Monitor
Love this tablet I got for both my young girls. They love them use them for games and learning games which all seem to be free for the most part.	Lightning Charging Cable
The best tablet I have had! Overall its great.Great camera, tools, apps & great battery! That will last.	iPhone
I bought this for my 6 year old granddaughter, had some issues with the charging cable. Took it in and Best Buy replaced it because I bought the 2 year replacement product. Its nice because I can use a card and she can download whatever games she wants	iPhone
This is a great item and one of the best prices you can get. Works well and easy to setup.	Lightning Charging Cable
I wanted a cheap e-reader that also had tablet capabilities. I mostly use this to check out and read books from the library, but also do other things like read emails, browse the web, etc. It's a great reasonably priced e-reader/tablet. I recommend it.	Vareebadd Phone
Capacity limit is my only gripe. Connects quickly and easily to wifi and remembers wifi passwords until you erase them. Books, many are free, especially the ones that you never read in High school. Check email, even works with Bluetooth keyboard. Cant be beat at the price.	Google Phone
Love the amazon fire. I definitely recommend this product	27in FHD Monitor
Purchased this is a gift for a 7 year old and 13 year old. They both love the tab. They can play their games, surf the web and most importantly, read books!!! For the price you can't beat this tablet. Well done Amazon.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love amazon tablets that I bought them for my daughter, sister, sister in law and mother in law. Awesome product and easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought 2 of these 1 for each of my daughters they have been great so far	Wired Headphones
Wonderful Product, do not need a computer any more. Great price too	Google Phone
We bought on the Black Friday deal and they are great! The 8 is better since it is bigger but they are still great	Wired Headphones
It was a Christmas Gift for Mom and Dad. They both love them and use them all the time. Its processor is pretty accurate, but not too slow. I would recommend as a gift.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The tablet is very user friendly for my mom who is not very computer savvy.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like it I use it for everyone. It's a great tablet	Flatscreen TV
The tablet is very nice and so easy to youse I have it to my mother for Christmas!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased this for my two granddaughters they are 4 and 3 they use it to watch videos while in the car and for travelling..	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my second tablet, but first based on android. This is their entry level tablet but still very responsive and snappy. The memory is upgradeable via memory card.	Wired Headphones
I was impressed with the quality I got for the price. I would recommend this product ti others.	iPhone
Got this tablet for my niece and nephew, it is wonderful for children.	iPhone
I gave this to my God child, ahe is 6 , she loves it to deaf	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I'm not very tech savvy but we're getting there! I think this is a great price for a tablet that can do so much!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet, great price. Perfect gift for your child. My daughter loves it.	ThinkPad Laptop
Swiping had to be repeated several times sometimes to get the action to respond. Returned.	iPhone
purchased this to supplement my larger tablet perfect size for smaller bag.	20in Monitor
Bought it for my grandson he loves it. He is 5 and he know his way around the kindle better than I do.	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet to purchase for kids who are just learning how to use a tablet.	ThinkPad Laptop
I purchased this tablet for a need family for christmas.I know they really enjoyed it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Gave as a Christmas gift. Don't know how good it works, or anything about it	Wired Headphones
Perfect for emailing and reading books online. Battery lasts a long tine.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased 3 of these for our white elephant games for Christmas. I ended up actually getting one but gave it away to a cousin. He loves it and says it works like a charm. Took him getting some used to on the Android system.	Google Phone
Its very light weight. Easy to get app installed, and my child has no problem watching her shows.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very good tablet for the money. A lot fast than I thought it would be. Bought 2 for gifts.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet to serve as a backup for our primary ipads	Wired Headphones
At an awesome price and great tablet! Works like a phone, so easy for smaller kids	
Great little tablet. Bought for my neice to mess around on. Does everything the expensive ones do for a fraction of the cost.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought two and gave them to my nieces , they just enjoyed them the minute they were in their hands . Made them so happy !	ThinkPad Laptop
Great tablet for the price! I bought two of these for my Grandkids to use, as they are always using ours! The only thing that I really don't like about them is that they have so many pop in commercials for grown ups and it makes everything stop. Hard for my little three year old to get this! I wish it were a little more kid friendly as far as ease of use and getting to where you want to be. For the price, I guess we will just deal with it! :)	Macbook Pro Laptop
My kids love there Fire. They cannot put it down. They love being able to download books and read them right from their tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this tablet for my daughter and it has been good for her. Size and weight is just right for her small hands. Only draw back is you can only get apps that amazon has developed. Not able to get android apps on it.	LG Washing Machine
Works great was a gift for daughter she loves it!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I loved that the kids enjoyed it and I would be getting another one	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For the price this tablet can't be beat. My wife mostly uses it 4 reading and Amazon shopping. It does everything she needs it to do. Battery life is very good as well.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my grandson and he loved it and it easy for him to handle without help	LG Washing Machine
This is a nice simple tablet for the price. Good enough for basics. The graphics are better than I expected.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is a great tablet for ages 5 and up. My son can watch videos play games. Its perfect for him.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for web browsing..shopping online..reading books and magazines or watching movies and you can't beat the price!!	iPhone
One of my many Christmas gifts and it was successful	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Perfect tablet for my 4 yr old grandson. Easy to use.	Flatscreen TV
Sturdy and easy to use. Not bad for teenagers to use	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Extremely durable and user friendly very satisfied with this product	Google Phone
I already have a Kindle, and a tablet, but I wanted something smaller to take when traveling to download movies to. This is perfect! Good price, and the color and clarity is perfect!	Wired Headphones
"I LOVE HOW AMAZON HAS ""CHILD ONLY APPS"". SHE CON ONLY ACCESS AGE APPROPRIATE MATERIAL"	Apple Airpods Headphones
Only regret not buying the larger one but I don't read alot at a time so it will work just fine	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for my nephew he watches his videos on it all the time	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the price my kids love it I brought 3 more why not.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the Amazon Fire 7! It's very easy to use and I love the fact that you can turn the Blue Shade lighting on and off. It's fabulous for reading before bed.	ThinkPad Laptop
Price was great, tablet not the fastest but easily works with my echo and Amazon Prime.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great price for a tablet I got two of them one for each if my children ranging from 7 and 8 years old only down part I can think of is the charging port going bad, It's super ooose and hard to charge.	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased it for my dad and he has had no complaints. He's able to download all the games easily and fast.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We got a pair of kindles for our daughters. They love everything they can do with them. My wife and I are now able to use our iPads.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased two of these for my grandchildren 8 years and 2 years. The 8 yr. old wanted an IPod touch replacement to watch videos and play a few games and Skype with me for $35 vs. $300 I am very pleased. The 2 yr old watches Little Einsteins and this works great for her	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought two of this at Christmas. Great for everyone in the family.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. Friendly to the beginner user. Decent camera.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works great, easy to use. Battery holds charge good. Just the right size.	USB-C Charging Cable
The tablet I bought was not what I expected and I wanted to return.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice tablet for the price. Comes linked to amazon account	Wired Headphones
Bought the two tablets for two of my younger grandkids. So far the tablets have held up well. My daughter likes having the ability to limit what the kids can use the tablets for.	Apple Airpods Headphones
i use it to read books and it works nicely so far.	Wired Headphones
overall good but does not find 5ghz networks which is why i returned it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got the tablet for my grandma. She was able to figure it out and she doesn't even have a mobile phone. Not bad for under $40.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Does everything you want a pad to do the price was the purchase point for me.. Easy set up	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not the greatest for productivity but it's very good at entertaining kids at a cheap price.	USB-C Charging Cable
I can't get my tablet to set the time so I haven't been able to even use it a little disappointed with this purchase no instructions came with it!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought it for my mom and it is perfect. It recharges quickly and was very cheap and effective. Nothing fancy but sturdy and gets the job done, like the San Antonio spurs.	USB-C Charging Cable
Sometimes the screen is not as responsive as I would like it to be but it does what we need it to do and our daughter loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It was for my niece she absolutely loves pink. And has been playing it since I gave it to her	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Stopped working after only a year. Felt flimsy. Did like that I could upload Amazon books	Lightning Charging Cable
Git this tablet for my daughter. She is loving it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my niece and nephew and they love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
The quality is great with an affordable price my kids love this product!!!!!!!!!!!	20in Monitor
purchased this for grandson, great price easy out of the box. awesome price had some leftover for a case an essential part for a 7 year old :)	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet great quality i liked and for the price its great	Apple Airpods Headphones
I was looking for a simple tablet, to be able to play a few games, read e-books, and such. It's not as fast or sophisticated as an iphone, or ipad, but it's simple to use and nice to read a book, or several on. I'd recommend for budget-minded users, who don't mind being tethered to wifi.	ThinkPad Laptop
For the cost of the tablet, I am very pleased. It is much easier to use this for Kindle vs. reading off of my phone!	27in FHD Monitor
Christmas present for the kids, its strong and durable and constantly used. inexpensive as is unless you want to get the kid proof case.Apps, games, web browsing and video/photo functions are good. Do think how this item will be used as most likely its internal storage at 16gb will fill up quickly	Apple Airpods Headphones
works great once I figured it out. Books are easy to download.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this item for my preteen granddaughter. She enjoys reading and learning apps. This device travels well and is easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my nephew for christmas who has been asking for a tablet. It was on sale for an outrageous deal and couldn't pass up. Works fine and he love it. would recomend	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good product for the beginner in the tablet arena without spending a fortune, or paying for a name you don't know..	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet is great! Easy to use, better than the Galaxy that I have.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet is durable and easy to work with. My son takes it every where.	Wired Headphones
I was searching for a tablet that would be great for reading books and downloading games. This kindle is the right size for a tablet. Works great!	iPhone
Broughtt it for a chistmas gift. No complaints yet.	iPhone
Gift for the wife. She rea!ly likes it and uses it a lot.	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased this tablet when it was on sale for black Friday. Overall it works great. Can't beat the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
does everything i need plenty of apps to download along with books and movies, with Prime, great bonus	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I'm really happy with my Kindle Fire! It's easy to use and has so many features…don't know why I waited so long to get one :)	Wired Headphones
Better cost effective tablet for basic usage of browsing	Wired Headphones
for 50 bucks you will not get a better tablet. I've been waiting to buy a fire, not sure why I waited so long!	USB-C Charging Cable
Life battery very good , search engine very good.very fast.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love this item because I just love all electronics	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablet exceeds the price expectations. Great for reading books, ok for browsing. The time warner cable tv app works well with this device.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Right out of the box it was great and have had no issues to date.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome tablet. Good for reading and portable to bring all around.	USB-C Charging Cable
Works good for a cheap tablet to have around work and not worry about. Freezes occasionally but not a big deal for the cost.	Google Phone
Good product and good price. Have enjoyed it since Christmas and cant wait to read on it every evening	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this black Friday for 34 bucks. Cheap but reliable and nice. I would recommend this to everybody. It's fast and nice looking	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I bought 3 of these tablets. One for my dad, son and grandson and they all love it! My dad who is 76 years old and not computer lit at all said it is ""pretty easy"" to use (after it was set up by my son for him)."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my husband to replace his original Kindle. The lighted background and light weight makes it perfect for reading in bed. The added features of Internet and numerous apps make it perfect for so many uses. It is easy to manage and the grandkids also love using it for the games. It has a great camera, too! Overall very pleased.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased two of these for my grandchildren. They love them!	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for all ages, easy to navigate, charges fast. Great resolution	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for a 4 year old to put learning games on	ThinkPad Laptop
Love the size and it capabilities! Was a great gift for my daughter!	USB-C Charging Cable
I wanted to find a tablet to give to my grandkids. Being able to spend 37.50 on Thanksgiving made this a no brainier for a tablet to give them. I was able to purchase 3 and they are really enjoying it. It may not be top of the line but it works great for them.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my daughter. Tablet works amazing. Only thing I didnt like was that you are REQUIRED to place a CC on file with amazon in order to use it.I would say if you are looking for a tablet stick to the samsung galaxy models vs others.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a great tablet for my kids at their age. I recommend it to anybody looking for one.	Wired Headphones
We bought this tablet for our 6-year old. It has a lot of kid-friendly features and my daughter loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this product is very nice and its nice to review. Its also very nice.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Seems to be sturdy and lite weight for small hands	Flatscreen TV
A decent machine for the Black Friday price of under $40. The 8 GB of memory is inadequate if you play games using the Apps. I added a 32 GB micro SD card, but not all the Apps use it and the ones that do, only transfer part of the application to it. All points, coins, etc earned are retained in internal memory, not SD card. Pictures, videos, music can be stored on SD card. Screen is very sharp.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Just the right size for travel and resolution is amazing.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for my father in law who loves to play games and read books, news.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased for a child. Works great Very pleased. Very versatile	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"We purchased this for our 5 & 4 yr olds. It is something to help with learning to read and write.The big downfall is that even the ""free"" apps require you to purchase add-ons to unlock more of the app."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good for kids ... brightness is not so good, .....	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the kindle fire. I have an I pad but I love to read on my kindle. The size is great, I like to read at night so my kindle makes it much easier. My grandson also plays games on it. It is a great product.	Lightning Charging Cable
"It probably does just as much as more expensive tablets and it's easy to use. The 7"" screen is a bit small but does make it easier to take anywhere."	USB-C Charging Cable
"The Kindle Fire is nice, sleek, and well functional. I bought this as a Christmas gift, which was a real success. It has all you need; your downloadable books, games, and web access. It immediately updates to the latest version once you install your internet code."	USB-C Charging Cable
"Really nice tablet/kindle for the price. It's good for travel and packs small. It's nice to have a ""tv"", ""book"", and the internet all in one."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
bought for my grand daughter and she loves it. She likes to read and this is great for that	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price she got a nice tablet tha she can use for games pics and videos	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Unfortunately I've been using a far superior tablet when I decided to purchase the Amazon Fire tablet. Comparisons are unavoidable. The Amazon Fire works. Amazon only apps are not as numerous as Google. The tablet is not as streamlined as my other tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like the kindle fire for all the free games you can get on it. I wanted it for a long time and during the holiday season, I found it on sale and I bought it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Made my sisters sons Christmas! Priced right and as expected a very solid performing tablet, thanks again Best Buy!	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this on Black Friday for my 9 yr old granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
paid 39.00 on sale. bought two and 1 week later one will not connect to wifi will have to return.	Lightning Charging Cable
Its a good tablet, screen is kind of weird but it does its job. I wish the it had more memory but for the price, I can't expect to much for a inexpensive tablet. But what I do love is that all the apps are free so that's a #SCORE. Great for kids	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Price for the device was a great deal and the assistance provided by employees was great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
this was perfect for when the grandchildren are over. we have ten from age 2 thru 13 and they all love it. i even enjoy using it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for a gift but kept it for my self. It has basic functioanality, but easy to use. This definitely not for those expecting a powerhouse tablet, but for a child it is great!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
First kindle. Only used a few things. It was easy to set up. Now to purchase another for my daughter and see how easy to link.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a good value but I purchased a Kindle Fire Black Friday of 2015 and I have to say it has more features and now I am spoiled. It is a 16 gb storage also. I want another one like it in case mine ever quits.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Have enjoyed this kindle, especially for the price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Perfect for my child. Only issue I have with it is the advertisements that pop up when you turn it on.	Wired Headphones
Christmas present for a 4 year old. Showed her once how to turn it on, how to charge and how to get to the various apps. She is totally capable of operating the device on her own. So easy breezy a 4 year old can use it independently.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really like this tablet because of the awesome resolution.	USB-C Charging Cable
Just a great product and the price is very competable	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is perfect for kids. It is inexpensive and durable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was bought for a first time user of any type of computer/tablet. He found it very easy to work with and enjoys it very much	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love this tablet for my kids! Great price and fits my 6 year old twins needs.	USB-C Charging Cable
I ordered my fire HD like a week before Christmas. The day I received it I ordered a case for it on amazon and before I even got the case it fell fro! About 2 ft off the floor on carpet and the screen cracked. I called BestBuy and I was told that I had. Free 6 months protection on it so I made an appointment with geek squad my husband called out of work to take me and when we go they tell me that I don't have any protrvtion plan and that there isn't anything they can do for me. Honestly it got to me because I you can't do anything about it its fine just tell me. But don't male me gp allthe way there and waste my time. Ended up buying a better and bigger tablet. Although my amazon fire still works its screen is all cracked oh well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great gifts for grandchildren.. At the per unit price, I'm grandpa of the year.	iPhone
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my grandson. He was thrilled to receive it and hasn't put it down. I'm also glad it came with a power cord.	Wired Headphones
Nice size and easy to use and handy to take along with you.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Really nice and easy to use.It's my first tablet and I love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It wouldn't connect to internet. Tried at home, at a couple of Wi-Fi spots and at the store where I bought it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for our son as a first tablet. He loves it and connects easily to our home wireless.	Wired Headphones
The price on this is great. There are a couple of issues I have with my Kindle but I think it's me not the device. Sometimes when I shut it off I have to hold down the power button as the box that comes up that says ok or cancel does not work for me. The other problem I have is sometimes it does not go back to where I left off in a book. I took it to the store and the tech I had look at it did not have these problems. Other that that I love it. I can travel with it instead of my bulky lap top and have access to my email, movies and books. I purchased a case for it that sets it up so I don't have to hold it and that made me like it even more.	27in FHD Monitor
A great place to start in tablet market good value	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love the price of this product. And for the price it gives you Big Bang for the buck. My wife does not use electronics and she has no problem using this.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Haven't used it much, but so far I like it! Mostly use to play games on.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for web surfing. Easy to learn, easy to master.	Google Phone
Bought this tablet as a gift and so far they are happy with it. I did the set up and I can tell you it didnt lag or freeze so thats always a plus. It runs on the amazon app store. I dont care for it cause it dont have as many apps as others. Other than that and the low memory, I like it. Personally I download alot of game apps so i need lots of memeory but for my mother in law its just fine. She likes to read books on it, she says its good for that. Also she was able to get the libraries app and download free books so thats a plus.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Pretty slow if you're trying to use it as a full-time tablet. Good as an eReader and sometimes game and Internet usage.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a Christmas present for my 12 year old niece. She loves it. She is consistently checking her facebook and playing games from all the apps. SHe a loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my grandma and she loves it. Very easy and simple to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
I currently own 3 Kindles, including this one, so I am very familiar with the Kindle Fire tablets. I love that this new Fire has updated the look and feel. I can add a memory card to download books, movies, photos and games on so I can take them with me when I'm on the go and don't picture, which I love! So for $50, it's a great value. There are only 2 things that I wish this Kindle had: there is no sleep/wake function and it doesn't have the micro hdmi port to connect it to my TV, but again, for the price it's a great product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Just needs more memory, but we can handle that. My boys love them!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I am satisfied with the Kindle Fire but would have liked a bigger screen model. Good for playing games.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Kindle is good. I got one for my husband and sister. They are really enjoying them. It is easy to use for someone who never used one. My reason for not giving 5 stars was completely due to my best buy experience. I live in a small town and drove thirty miles to get to best buy only to find they were completely out. Asked for help at service desk and they seemed put out by me.I wanted them to call another best buy to see if they had any.I was willing to hold them with a credit card in order to get them. They would not do that. I had to drive another 50 miles to pick one up. Just thought best buy should have tried to be more accommodating, but it was Christmas shopping season.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought 2 of these on sale for my grandkids. They love them & they seem to work good. One tablet goes to school the other, if it lasts until next school year, will be going to school also. Good tablet for the money.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire pad is a great deal for the price. It works great very responsive, does exactly what I want it to do like Netflix, Google and a few games. It doesn't suck :)	USB-C Charging Cable
Great little tablet would have got Five stars if you could use it with chromcast	iPhone
All is well. Haven't heard any complaints. Hopefully he will use it to help with his school work and not just play games with it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I haven't had one in years and happy for the newer version.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought it for my nephew and he loves it is just perfect for works better then his hp tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great value for the price, recipient is enjoying it very much!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is a good tablet for the price and for young children.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my sister-in-law for Christmas and she loved it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for our 6 year old son for Christmas to play games and take pictures along with a unicorn beetle defender case and it has totally exceeded our expectations! Totally worth the little bit of money you spend!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Best Christmas Gift ever to my Mom that doesn't use a computer	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 9 year old. It's perfect to keep on hand to keep her occupied if we get caught waiting somewhere.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am pleased that it has all the apps she needs on it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to set up and easy to use. My only complaint is that even with the 32g scan card, it fills up quickly.	USB-C Charging Cable
Husband lost first kindle fire right before Christmas, so Santa brought him this one as a replacement. He's happy! Seems to work the same as earlier model.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The tablet is mainly used by my 9 year old daughter .... Easy to use!	Wired Headphones
My husband is enjoying this tablet for reading and netflix.	Lightning Charging Cable
I found this tablet to be very easy to use and really liked the dual camera it has	Flatscreen TV
I bought it as a gift for my grandfather, from what I can tell he really seems to enjoy it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is a great buy. It does many things and keeps my kids happy. I'm very pleased, we have 2 of them.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought it for x-mas for my 6 years old boy and he loves it. Great quality and AWESOME price, you cannot beat that !!!He uses it for Netflix, games and school...	Lightning Charging Cable
Affordable, and it gets the job done. Not the most cutting-edge device, but nice nonetheless.	Wired Headphones
My son really enjoys this tablet. It's easy to navigate	20in Monitor
It's an alright tablet for my parents to learn and use for Skype	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandson loves it. He said his games don't freeze up on this one.	ThinkPad Laptop
Amazon Fire is perfect for families on the go! It fits well into backpacks, purses and briefcases!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got it for my god son and he loves it .it's east use to	iPhone
This tablet is simple and easy to use. The only problem I've had is putting in a memory card. The tablet kept pushing it back out, had to read reviews online in order to input it properly.	Lightning Charging Cable
Too many advertisements to get through. A little tough to adjust to coming from the apple world.	Wired Headphones
Price great for quality and versatility. Bought for son to use for streaming movies and reading books. Great product for him but had to purchase extended memory miniSd card.	Vareebadd Phone
Great tablet works very good and the price is cheap.	USB-C Charging Cable
Keeps my kids busy while I cook & when in the car.	USB-C Charging Cable
Kept my kids busy on road trip & while I cook daily	Wired Headphones
Decent tablet for the price. Expect just basic use and function. This is no iPad be sure you aren't expecting that.	Lightning Charging Cable
After opening several gifts on Christmas, my 8 year old grandson kept going back to this gift and playing with it. He was very pleased. He loves his Kindle Fire and plays games and does his homework with it too!	Lightning Charging Cable
Best tablet and most affortable. Love that it just works. Must have Prime.	Vareebadd Phone
I purchased this item for my 10 year old son and he loves it. He is able to download books and any kind of games that he likes.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Amazon Fire offers the same access to online resources as the much more expensive IPad and functions just as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bad performance. Slow device. Not worth buying. Better products are available in this range.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"We bought 2 of these for our kids. First, I couldn't believe the price; they were on sale for $35 but are normally still under $50. I was very leery of getting them 'tablets' because of all the things on the internet. But once I set them up I saw that the Kindle Fire has amazing Parental Controls. I can set the times they can play on them and how long they can use them (even how long on specific things - games, videos, web, etc). Most importantly there is an option that allows them to be on the Web but it's only kid stuff. I also love the fact that I have access to Amazon on any device and can share things from it to both the kids' Fire's. I can also check what they've been doing on them. They can only download things that I share. All these controls made me feel better about buying them and more confident that they are safe. There is something called FreeTime which I believe I have the free version but you can get a cheap subscription and it will give you access to thousands of free books. If you have kids, especially younger ones I would highly suggest the Fire. Also, the price is unbeatable, especially the way kids can damage things :)"	Wired Headphones
"Purchased for an 8 year old grand daughter who loves to read. She loves this tablet and is reading and playing her games everywhere the family travels. She loves the device and the pink color; I loved the price and the fast delivery ."	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet for ~$35 is an amazing deal. It's almost a no-brainer to get one for any long family trip.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my four year old nephew. He is enjoying it.	Wired Headphones
tablet was easy to set up and get started. 80 year old mother loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
BOUGHT ON BLACK FRIDAY FOR MY DAUGHTER, SHE THOUGHT I PAID 100.00 MORE FOR IT. IT DOES A LOT. SHE LOVES IT.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love every thing about the product and transaction, no complaints at all. I love that its affordable and does about every thing you would have need of.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Since today society is hi-tech savvy, it was only right to get this for my 4 yr old grandson. It's an awesome tablet!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We got this for my son foe Christmas. Loves it and keeps him entertained! It is user friendly for him for the most part and sturdy with the case it comes with. The only fault I see with this is in kids account. Before you load anything on to it, there are already tons of apps available to download as you please. I wish there was a way to have just the apps you choose to show up. I do also wish that there was a way to lock the screen, or app that he is playing at the time so little fingers don't get off the app accidently, he is only almost 2 though so I cant complain too much. Other than those two things my son loves it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the kindle. My kids love playing their Disney movies on it. They also have a ton of games we downloaded for free. I highly recommend!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
There is a lot of bang for you buck in this product. It is not up to par with Apple pads and the high end Samsung pads. Check out the Amazon app store to make sure the app you want to use is available. The screen is adequate, not HD, and outside/full sun hard to read. The operating system is Amazon's version of Android. Audio is adequate. WiFi and Bluetooth work well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is easy to set up and easy to use. Great tablet for family use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My daughter always want one, she got this one, she love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was worried at first since it was cheap but I'm loving it more and more everyday. In fact I went out and bought another for a Christmas gift for a family member. Easy gift. And you can use HBO go and Netflix. The only negative is there was no blue tooth. Just a FYI it's the 5th gen 8g amazon fire	Macbook Pro Laptop
This gift was a stocking stuffer. For the price, I paid, wonderful. The recipient loved it! :)	Apple Airpods Headphones
Had one of these 2 years ago, got this one on sale and I usually pay more for a dinner. Does everything you need and plus you can expand the memory.	USB-C Charging Cable
The product was overall worth the money spent. Love it !!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the color is choose,and the tablet is great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have had this product for about a year now, and I am still very pleased with my purchase. I am able to read books, surf the web, listen to music, watch videos, and more. Unbelievable price for everything you can do on this tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My daughter loves it and you can't beat the warranty!	Lightning Charging Cable
I brought these as christmas presents for my kids and so far no complaints.	Wired Headphones
To me, this is an AMAZING little device. I suppose it's not very fast by modern standards. Downloads are heavily dependent on the speed of your internet connection and are slow and often unreliable--my home internet connection is not the greatest. But the screen. for its size, is beautiful. There are many games, apps, and books available for free. I LOVE my Kindle Fire. It has wonderful, lean, fast apps for accessing email and Facebook. The graphic on games amaze me. If you want a basic tablet for not a lot of money, I think this is a great choice. I'm considering getting one for my sister.	Lightning Charging Cable
This Amazon Tablet is, for the money, the best one on the market today. I purchased them for Christmas gifts this year (2016) and when I saw them, Grabbed 2 out of the 5 that were on display. I did so, because last year when I tried to get one, Everybody was sold out !!! Not 1 to be had !!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's just what I was looking for, something simple and inexpensive. Plus I got it for $35 on black friday.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for my grandson. He loves it, especially the front/rear camera.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet and perfect for the kids. I will be going back to buy more of these at this price!	ThinkPad Laptop
I love that even great quality product like this is available to masses who can actually afford them. The table does it job really good. And i'm happy with my purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not the best tablet. Decent image, but lackluster performance.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this because of the low price on Black Friday. My aging eyesight was making it difficult to read my original Kindle. And, I have gotten spoiled by my other products with touch screen. Thrilled I bought this because can see to read at night again and touch screen is nice. The light is not too bright, so does not cause headaches for me.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great product . I bought it for my grandsons 12th birthday. It was super easy for him to monuva. He loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
Clunky and full of ads. Ok for my kids to use for games, but I wouldn't use this for myself.	Flatscreen TV
Love it very much thanks. I use my table for banking	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the second Fire tablet for $35 that I purchased this season. They are a great value and Best Buy has been a great place to buy them	34in Ultrawide Monitor
1st tablet,easy to use and set up.plenty of apps preloaded to start.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For the price tag of $59 bucks u can't go wrong....	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for myself at Christmas as a replacement for my older version. This one has clearer graphics but I find the build to be way cheaper and definitely a great deal thinner..felt to flimsy to me.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a Christmas gift and my sister loves it! Great price on Black Friday as well!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
i bought this for someone for a gift for xmas. this is a good simple tablet for someone to being with.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bery good product for the price. Can't beat it. Id recommend buying this for a first time tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's good for reading books. It's great for playing games. Yeah.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this tablet because it was extremely cheap. I'm not impressed with anything about it. It is slow, not at all user friendly, and the advertising is so very annoying. It is also almost totally useless as it does not support the few apps I use on a regular basis. I will keep it only to access my amazon accounts.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought two and gave them as gifts to a couple new to tablets. They love the FIRE tablet. now I think I am going to get one to play my games on. I currently have the iPad air.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Looking for a desent product , best buy had black Friday tablets for $34.99, what a great bargain. I had to buy four of them for my grandkids. Just the look on thier faces when they opened, was a great joy for me.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Compact. Easy to hold Great for playing games. Easy to use keyboard	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for the right price. I bought two of these tablets as gifts to my sons. They were pleased.	Wired Headphones
I bought the tablet black Friday. Best buy had the same price as amazon. So I got it. The tablet was a gift for someone else. the recipient to this day insists that I should have gotten one for myself.	iPhone
This tablet is a perfect size and very sturdy. Has an expandable memory slot. Perfect for my needs.	Google Phone
Great tablet and excellent for kids also. I have been recommending to everyone	Wired Headphones
Amazing device. I got it for 35 bucks on Black Friday. Plays all games the kids want. Snappy and fast. Great for kids and adults. Love the Amazon kindle.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The only bad thing I can say about this tablet is that after using certain apps you have to turn the tablet completely off in order to get to the main screen.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet for traveling and reading on the road.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It has a multiple futures for kids and parental control that you can setup for your kids. Even you can control usage of tablet for your kids	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for a beginner to get used to the technology	USB-C Charging Cable
My son is not gentle and has managed to destroy a few other, more expensive, tablets. I bought this for a fraction of what the other tablets cost and it works great. He loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazing price and awesome for a tablet for children. My 6 & 13 year old nieces love them	Google Phone
I bought this for my youngest to read and play. Awesome!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Wow. I've had many tablets, but none come close to this for the price. The screen is clear and responsive. While it comes locked to amazon, i sideloaded the nook app without root, and then rooted it easily, just for fun. XDA has the details.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Overall the tablet is okay, I just paid 50$ so can't complain anything about specs but the fact that you can't use google services sucks. No google, no youtube, gmail!	USB-C Charging Cable
Had been looking to replace an RCA tablet from a couple years ago for the kids, one that wouldnt break the bank but still was powerful enough for the games the kids would use it for. Sleek, lightweight, powerful, love that it has 2 cameras.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was easy to set up and very easy to use. For a basic tablet I would recommend it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Much better than I expected for the very reasonable price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very nice product...Had everything we were looking for...	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I've had the old 6"" HD Amazon tablet which I use with the students at the school where I teach. Got this 7"" tablet on my first day at this job to keep at home and use. The larger real estate of this tablet is fantastic...along with the new version of the OS."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price and product. i bought 2 for my nieces. This is very practical and does the same as the more expensive one's.	USB-C Charging Cable
If you want the combination of a kindle for reading as well as some of the features of a tablet, this is an excellent value for the price. I like the flexibility of being able to switch between the book I am reading and my email or other web uses.It seems like the battery discharges rather quickly compared to my other kindle. I often keep this one plugged in while I am using it.	LG Dryer
I am impressed with the quality of the Amazon Fire for the price	iPhone
it very easy to work and does very good good games my child loves it he not but 4 and finds his way around on it	Lightning Charging Cable
For $50 you cant go wrong, there are other no name brands that cost more that are worst. Didn't need to put much thought into buying one. Great christmas gift for anyone of all age groups.	Wired Headphones
I bought it for my mom and she loves it. Great picture and great battery life.	Google Phone
I'm not very familiar with tablets, so didn't know what to expect, but it does what I wanted it to do.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The kindle fire has all the things you need to read books, surf the net and play!	Google Phone
I got this Kindle as a Christmas gift for a friend. Couldn't pass up the Black Friday price on this thing! Works great. She loves it. Success!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a Great little unit for the price! Pretty quick with the four processors, good apps as well. Very pleased!	27in FHD Monitor
apps constantly fail to open. no flash for camera. hard to download anything not amazon ie: google apps. will be returning....	USB-C Charging Cable
this tablet works great for note taking at school.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Purchased this device for my son and really enjoyed it. Ended up buying another after a day of using the device.Pros:- Fast boot time- Clear & sharp display- Long battery life- Light weightCons:- Adds on lock screen- Inability to remove apps from the home screen (Can only move them to a folder)- Screen shows more fingerprints then say an Ipad or Nexus deviceOverall this has been a great device and hasnt had any issues. I play Game of War on the device and watch Hulu/Netflix for the majority of my use. For an Ebook is it smaller but does the job.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased two of these tablets to replace all the other brands that stopped working within a two month period. So far so good! It's a perfect fit for my two younger children. And I feel you can't beat the price for a Fire. I have control on what they access. The only downfall is the micro usb socket within the unit is loose. When charging I have to fiddle with the plug to ensure it stays in the unit.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A very good tablet with a lot of features for a very reasonable price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
STILL IN SHOCK ALL THE TABLET CAN DO FOR $50!ITS A NO BRAINER	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice size easy to use for little people. Long lasting battery	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great little tablet, good price and charge lasts for at least about 6 hours or longer.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My grandson loves his tablet. He recently lost his (we are not sure where) and was so happy to see the new one	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works as described very portable with wifi and Bluetooth	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my grandson and he likes it a lot He is only 5 years old and it is perfect size for him He wanted a red one but likes the blue.We put abc mouse on it and he is able to find it for himself. Great price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Charger is not lasting, Screen is ok,Functionality good. size to small but for the price is ok.Worst thing is the charger and battery life.	Wired Headphones
Birthday gift for wife. Her other tablet battery only lasts a hour. She wanted another one. Great tablet for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to read books. Great for night reading. Easy to download books	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I came across this on sale and couldn't pass it up. Turns out it runs slower than I expected though. My girlfriend has an older version of this model and it just seems to run smoother than this one. Still, a nice alternative for browsing/shopping/bill paying than wearing about my smartphone battery.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet thats ready right out of the packaging. It comes pre loaded with loads of apps and has a nice feel in the hands. screen quality is nice, the only thing i would like to see changed is the amount of time it takes the kindle to start up and shut down, it can get annoying at times. i have a 2 yo and 8yo and its held up great, dropped on cement and no cracks.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This item is great got for my sister as a birthday gift. She uses it for reading and music	ThinkPad Laptop
Great product at a great price. Gave out as Safety recognition gifts.	iPhone
Bought the Kindle for xmas gift,the young lady really loves it she reads books on it.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my daughter during the holidays and after four months of use it would no longer would charge. I tried other charges as well and it's definitely the tablet. Now I have to go through the hassle of seeing if I can still replace it under warranty.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is our family's 3rd fire tablet, great, affordable solution for our family	ThinkPad Laptop
excellent value for the price. Tablet works well for my 9 year old!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Goog!I would recommend this to a friend!!!I like it	iPhone
Please don't let the cheap price of this tablet fool you. I can do a lot with it: surfing the web, downloading apps, playing games, etc. There's an issue with the volume of Amazon Fire 7 (not quite loud enough for me even when I turn the volume to its max). But I think I still did a great decision to buy it. Good product overall.	Wired Headphones
Good tablet for general use. Easy to add apps. Good battery lifetime.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Amazon Fire, it's easy to download books, fun to read and I use it to catch up on my Facebook and email accounts.	Lightning Charging Cable
My tablet works very well purchased.one for a friend she brought a sd card for more storage space having problems with it tells her not enough storage space	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great! Purchased as holiday gift for 80 year old grandmother.	iPhone
The young girl and boy that I bought the units for in Nigeria for school use just love them the price was great and they are being put to good use.	Lightning Charging Cable
meets or exceeds all my needs simple and fun for games. looking forward to reading my first book	27in FHD Monitor
I wish it were a little bit bigger but it's just right for what I need. It's light weight and compact. Very easy to use and priced very reasonably!	20in Monitor
It works great for what I need. Not a fan of ads and that it sends e-mails of all the apps I download. But I just use it for a few apps.	Macbook Pro Laptop
"I am pleasantly surprised with Amazon's new 5th Generation Kindle Fire.As a purchaser of a 1st Generation Kindle Fire, I welcomed the addition of a dual camera option plus the expansion of a microSD slot. This version of the Fire is lighter in the hand and seems to hold up well to my handling of the device.The new OS seems to work well in spite of the ""commercial"" aspect. After finding the appropriate setting to turn off the promotional ads, my Fire became more enjoyable. This feature was not a surprise but what I would expect in a device from Amazon and its ecosystem.The Kindle Fire is an excellent 7-inch tablet for its $50 price and the perfect entry in the arena of small tablets for the newby."	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet to replace a digit and one that was on recall. The Amazon ecosystem is nice and the tablet seems to work pretty well. I like the options for limiting screen time especially being able to get nature that reading goals are met FIRST. Unit needs more on board memory however. Make sure to buy an sd card to expand.	iPhone
Great tablet for a beginner to catch up on reading.	
great price and great birthday gift for my son.no complaints so far. my son & his sister enjoy playing games and watching videos.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I liked this product and its very good for daily use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
we bought this for my 11 year old daughter and we love it. So easy to set up and use. Much better than the one made especially for kids. This one has better capabilities.	27in FHD Monitor
I've purchased Kindle Fire in the past for our girls and they loved them (literally) to pieces. They lasted 2 years before cracked screens meant replacement was necessary. These new kindles at such a great price point meant a no hassle replacement was easy! They work great and the girls are happy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had to buy this Amazon - Fire - 7 Tablet - 8GB - Black, as the price was right.What a great device. I did not expect it to perform the way it has. I have streamed video, read books and installed a 64GB sdcard i had laying around. Great for travel, due to the price I really have not lost anything if it is lost or damaged.	Wired Headphones
Giving these out as gifts this holiday season and couldn't be happier!! Great price point, perfect size and easy to enjoy for anyone in the family!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This Amazon Fire tablet is AMAZING. It's not an ipad or galaxy, but it still packs a ton of value into a nice package. You get a lot of nice features here, and not a lot of bull, as one would often expect from a device so cheap. The screen is surprisingly well made and durable. While it's not the sharpest one out there, it's not exactly blurry either at 1024 x 600 pixels. There is only a single speaker, and no sort of flashlight aside from the screen. The speaker gets to a decent volume, but I would not consider it to be loud. I took a leap of faith here in buying this and I am so very glad that I did because this tablet has far surpassed my expectations in every way. The games are smooth and fast with minimal lag from what I've seen so far. This plays demanding 3d games pretty well I may add. The Amazon store has a lot of cool free things to mess with when you first start out. It only took about a half an hour or so to set up and update everything. The micro sd slot accepts up to 128gb cards. Battery life is ok. If not gaming on this, you can expect 6 hours or more. With light use, this could last all day on a single charge. Video is smooth and the screen is nice and surprisingly bright. The responsiveness of the screen is spot on. I can't really mention any downfall , because there really isn't any. The one thing I will say could be better it the wifi. When set to default settings, wifi kept turning off on me. Once I set wifi up to be always on, it was much better. You usually get what you pay for. In this case, you get more. This unit feels like it could have easily cost well over $100. I'm just sad that I didn't yet get a protective case for mine. I would HIGHLY recommend this product to friends, family, or anyone who needs a nice tablet or wants a nice gift for someone. This Amazon Fire 7 inch tablet earns a solid 10 out of 10 stars from me. I'm picky too. If you are even slightly considering this, just buy it. You won't be disappointed.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great features and for an excellent price. I bougth it for my son, 6 yrs old. It allows me to control what features he can use, Apps, books, videos, etc. He used an Android one (my wife's) before, and with this he still has access to all the apps he regularly used.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For having a discount for this price it was a deal i couldn't pass up. Even when everywhere seems to be sold out of this item i was still able to find best buy mobile had them in stock. Makes a great stocking stuff.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is very easy to use and a perfect size.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great value for the price grabbed 2 of these for the kiddos. They are capable of playing games and with the know how you can put Google play store on them.	ThinkPad Laptop
This tablet was purchased for a gift given to a friend with no prior experience using a tablet. The tutorial given in the beginning made it simple to understand.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great product. It was on sale and I didn't think it was going to be great but it was	USB-C Charging Cable
Seems smaller than the older version but it still does the job. User friendly.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got them as birthday presents for my grandsons and love them	Flatscreen TV
Very pleased with the tablet. This is our fourth one we have owned.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the ability to pick and choose magazines, books and more at my leisure. Also love being a prime member and getting a free new book each month as well as 1000s of other selections from Kindle Unlimited! LOVE!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great little tablet, fast, does a lot but does not do it all. Missing Google Play Store and screen is only ok. Price cannot be beaten	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm a proud owner of 2 kindles and 3 kindle fires, my entire family loves them. I love how child friendly they are.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
.great for small children.. Easy to set up and use	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased it to read books and I love the fact that I can play games on it also. Works fine and is easy to use and for the price I do not think you can go wrong.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I think this tablet is very easy to use. It is price well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
How can you complain about anything this food for this cheap?	USB-C Charging Cable
great for the price, did research and found this #	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I 'm very please with the tablet haven't had any problem. It does everything I need it to do. I would recomend it.,	Wired Headphones
Bought for friend so could have face time with grandbaby.	Flatscreen TV
I bought this tablet as a Christmas gift. It is a great tablet for a great price!	27in FHD Monitor
My 6 year old got one last year and it's very good	Apple Airpods Headphones
Best Tablet under $50. It works great with a perfect size to hold in hand. Great deal.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Works good for price. My kid likes it very much. Good value for money	27in FHD Monitor
I have the happiest grandson ever. Which makes me the best grandma ever!!	Lightning Charging Cable
For $50 this table was a no brainer. It's fantastic. Light, good battery life and I get the apps that I want/need.I am not a fan of the Silk browser, but I didn't buy this to surf. I bought it to read books and watch Netflix. It works perfectly for that. It's so good, I bought 2.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have dabbled in the market for a inexpensive tablet for a while and found this and boy am I glad I did. Tablet runs faster than I thought and has a very good display. If you can't afford an Ipad get this!	20in Monitor
First I must say out of the box I'd rate this tablet 3 stars for a few reasons.1)No Google Play store (which means no Google apps) and stuck with Amazon App Store.2)Have to pay $15 to remove ad filled lockscreenHowever I rooted the device within 30 minutes of owning it which A)installs Google Play services and B)removes the ad lockscreen. The tablet is now easily 5 stars. I wanted something to mainly read books, magazines and news on. This does those things great. I've also tested a few videos form a few sites like Prime Video & YouTube and it works great. Sure, there are better looking tablets out there with better screens but this one works fine for what I want.Overall I'd highly recommend this tablet if you root it and install Google Play Store. If you want to keep it as is out of the box, I'd recommend staying away from Amazon and going a full fledged Andriod tablet like Samsung.	USB-C Charging Cable
The tablet has good versatility and is an excellent device for young children.	27in FHD Monitor
have a kindle with a broken screen. bought originally for 99.00. now regular price is 49.99 and were on sale black Friday for 34.99. got 2 more.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet exceeded my expectations for $35. Kids love to play games on it and is great for social media.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this during the black friday sale for $35 and can't complain at all. Keeps my kids busy, and runs hearthstone, that's all I need.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
We are pretty unhappy with this purchase. Several of the most popular apps (Instagram, You Tube, etc.) are NOT compatible with this device. Now I know why the sale on this was so great. We can really only run the internet and Facebook on this device. Will be returning and getting a different tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the third one in our house. It's great for book reading, surfing the web and checking emails	Wired Headphones
I bought two of these as gifts for Christmas. One for my mom and one for a 9 yr. old. I'm a tech geek so I think these are great to introduce to and older parent or small kid just because of the price alone (Not for us tech guru's). I got them on black Friday for $34.99. Great e reader and awesome for games like candy crush. Only downside is the 8gb but for $34.99 that's not even an issue!	Lightning Charging Cable
My wife loves it she uses it every night to read her romance novels so if my wife's happy I'm happy!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So having this Amazon tablet for about a month or so it has its pros & cons let's be clear you aren't getting an iPad with amazing specs but you are getting an entry level tablet great for kids or for regular things like browsing the web & emails. the camera on here isn't really the best you're better off using a potatoe ha it's similar to the camera on the razor from back in the day. Watching videos on here is alright you aren't getting 1080p when I tired watching videos on higher resolution the videos would work correctly I think 720p was a little too much but then again could be my wifi connection but overall it's great for the price really easy to carry around & great for trips to keep any kid busy only thing I really didn't like was the ads on the home screen so for 50 sometimes even lower its a great pick really worth it ! remember it's a 50 dollar tablet compared to a 500-1000 tablet it's not going to be the same but it does get the job down (:	20in Monitor
For the price that I paid for this tablet, ut is a great deal. It does exactly what i bought ir for	Macbook Pro Laptop
Good product great price.best buy rep was good help	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids love them and they have yet to break them! Unlike some others I've tried that cost twice as much.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love my Kindle fire so easy to use and amazon customer service is amazing	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this item...I got it for my grand daughter for Christmas and I am sure she will love it also...this is her first tablet and it has all the features she'll love!!	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my 10 year old for Christmas she is going to love it I've already downloaded a bunch of book and apps for her so it will be all set for Christmas morning	20in Monitor
For the price that I paid, 35 dollars, it is more than enough. the best is the front and rear camera.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Wanted inexpensive tablet for my grandkids and these did the job.Cheers!	27in FHD Monitor
Love the great deal on this tablet. Black friday deal	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this for my 7 year old for Christmas. I set it up and then wrapped it so its ready to play as soon as it is unwrapped. Free apps are good, some l get on my android are not available here. School websites dont work. Wish I had waited for black friday price but am overall happy with purchase.	Wired Headphones
What can I say, for 50 dollars this tablet surprised me. I did buy it during Black Friday when it was on sale, yet still worth the 50(regular price). It may not have the best screen resolution nor screen size yet it runs smooth. I have been able to watch Netflix and play games on it with no problem. Plus your able to expand the storage up to a 128gb that is crazy. This is going to be my travel tablet and I did buy a second one for my cousin for Christmas. I think overall for 50 dollars you can't complain and am very happy with the purchase made.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this tablet for my daughter so far so good!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is perfect for my 2 year old. I love the option for 2 accounts...the kid account is very streamline.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Size is perfect for little hands, Great features and excellent reviews. Great amount of space needed for use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
For the features and the price i got it for on black Friday I can't complain.	27in FHD Monitor
Camera a little lower quality and cpu speed a little slower than fire HD but a good price	Lightning Charging Cable
so far it has been working really well especially for the one's it was bought for. It's their first time using one and everything seems to work well. It takes real nice picture's and is very durable.	LG Dryer
I love that I can have the convenience of my laptop and my games in a small tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The weight and inches of the tablet is convenient for traveling	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as part of the Black Friday sale. For $40, it serves well as a light use tablet (Skype, e-mail, video, etc.). The ads and heavy Amazon product front load push are annoying. Can't change or hide any preloaded features. Can't complain much for the price and the fact that I won't break a sweat if it falls out my car or gets misplaced.	Wired Headphones
"I bought this for my 8 yr old niece, she loves it. Also bought a screen shield & a 'kid proof' case. However, neither stopped the screen from cracking the first time she dropped it. At least it was only $50 :/My nephew has an 1st gen iPad Air, w a kid case; he's dropped it many times, the screen is fine. You get what you pay for."	20in Monitor
The Whispersync technology that allows a child to read a book and listen to the audio book while it highlights the words is an indispensable tool for young readers.	27in FHD Monitor
I have really enjoyed this device. It works very well. Only thing I was disappointed with was that when I bought it the cashier at Best Buy said if I found it cheaper in another store, or online that would give me the difference in the money. I did find it cheaper online but the manager refused to give me the difference of $15. I suggested they not tell customers they would honor a cheaper price when they won't really do it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a gift as I was on a budget, I figured it would be okay but I got say it is actually faster than my iPad Air with connectivity and more than abundant features and apps	USB-C Charging Cable
If you want a tablet to perform basic functions, you can't do any better than the Kindle Fire 7. Check email, social media, surf the web, download and read ebooks with no problems. Good battery life.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this as gifts for my kids and other family then even myself. I wish I would have got this tablet along time ago.	Wired Headphones
Overall this seems to be a good tablet, but I wish it used the Google Play store as well as the Amazon apps, because I can't get the Target Cartwheel without paying.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Allows my teens to access apps and Internet while still reading on down time between games	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this as a Christmas gift for my 4 year old son and he absolutely loves it. It is very user friendly and I love the parental controls.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was a great gift to give for some one who can not afford a tablet.	Wired Headphones
This is an amazing tablet for the price! I bought 4 at Christmas for the grands and one for me!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I use this mostly as an e-reader but it is also great for web browsing and e-mail. I didn' t expect such good performance for the price but I have no complaints.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought three of these tablets. One for each of my boys. They are 5, 6, and seven years old and I have to tell Them to put these down. They would play with them all day if they could	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought these a Christmas for our 3 children they have been a great present the kids really enjoy them	Apple Airpods Headphones
"For the low cost what's not to like. Be careful what/how much you load into the limited memory. An excellent entertainment tool especially when powered with PRIME. Screen (movies & Tv) display excellent. I recommend a ""glass"" screen protector. Helps greatly manage finger smudge. EZ to setup. EZ to use. EZ on your wallet."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this tablet to replace my daughters Nook. She loves it. It's great for on the go.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is fast and good size for the kids no fit the big ones but still a good option	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good tablet for the price and for the kids to use. Can do a lot of the things they like and they can use it for school	Flatscreen TV
I bought three of these units. On sale for $34 apiece. Great deal. Great price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my children. The love their tablets and the price was right	Product
Picked this up for a 7 year old. I'm used to using iPads, but not a bad little tablet for a kid and Im not worried if if something happens to it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wonderful, so glad I got it. Great for reading. Child restrictions are a plus.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very nice tablet for the price. Built in storage is limited but easily expandable with a microSD card. The Freetime app for kids is excellent. Overall I would recommend this tablet.	iPhone
Have now had for a month and I have to say the speed of this tablet is good. Really no lag on browsing. Only major downfall that some games might lag a bit. But for the most part it will do pretty much any other tablet double or even triple its price will do.	USB-C Charging Cable
We have two laptops and smart phones but love having the tablet to use instead of our phones	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I Purchased Three Of These For Family Members As Christmas Gifts On Black Friday For Only $34.99 each!!Pros ; Price Is Great, Responds Well To Touch and Running Applications, Small, Portable, Again The Price Is The Best Pro To This Tablet.Cons : Main Homepage Runs Ads In The Background?? Why?? , Apps Are Only Available Through The Amazon App Store Making A Very Limited Selection Compared To Google Play and The App Store For Apple But Again This Equal To The Tax I Paid On My iPad Air."	Apple Airpods Headphones
kids love it...only issue that bothered me is that my reduced price came with ads that in order to be removed i had to pay money. other than that good product	27in FHD Monitor
Got it on Black Friday sale and it works pretty good. Nice Hd quality and ease of use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tablet is Worth for the Price. It is really fast in response.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
OK for a entry level tablet, great screen for watching movies good HD images.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love this! Very easy for child or adult to use. Great price too	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to understand and good quality of colors on display .	Flatscreen TV
Excellent Quality and Size for my 5 yera old daughterWorks Great 100% Satisfied	USB-C Charging Cable
Great device don't much like the mandatory advertising	Lightning Charging Cable
I currently own an Amazon Fire Kindle. My kids love this one. It's the perfect size for them.	Wired Headphones
Performance of the device is good, meets expectations.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought it as a gift for my brother. He loves it and has no complaints	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got it on Black Friday and it's a great little tablet for the regular price, let alone the discounted BF deal.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Does everything you need a tablet to do in a small package. I gave it as a gift and the recipient can't put it down. I have the first generation Kindle Fire and I still love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
"Works ok, doesn't shutdown properly. Notified Amazon tried to fix over the phone. They wanted to replace it but I said I would put up with a ""hard"" shutdown"	LG Dryer
I purchased 2 of these for my 4 & 5 year old grandsons as a Christmas present. They loved them! Easy to use, great screens & volume!	USB-C Charging Cable
Gave this as a gift to my husband. He likes it very much, but wishes it came with a separate manual of written instructions for using the different functions. He's not a fan of searching for instructions on a device he's not familiar with in the first place. That's frustrating.	Google Phone
Perfect little tablet for my son for Christmas. The price makes it a steal for a tablet these days. In addition it meets the requirements a 7 year old has for media needs. He's able to read his homework on it nightly plus take pictures of which he's addicted to lately!	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle Fire is great for those that are looking for a tablet to use with WiFi and is even better for those that have Amazon Prime. Makes watching your favorite shows and listening to music very easy. Magazines look great as well.	Flatscreen TV
Tablet work like charm and I never have issues with it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Gir two for my sisters well worth the $50. Simple present for anyone	Macbook Pro Laptop
You can't beat the Fire tablets for the price. Can't tell much of difference with non Hd screen. Highly recommend	USB-C Charging Cable
We can do many things with this Fire. All best entertainment that our family can have from it. Amazon products is better and better day by day!!! Keep it up like that.	iPhone
This tablet was brought for my 6 year old an is great for just about everything an I love that I can put controls on it . An it was cheap	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves this tablet. We purchased it for her for Christmas. I found a great bumper case on Amazon and very cheap. This was an awesome deal!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My order was sent to quickly and had precisely what I asked. I will order by these means in the future.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
No complaints here, especially for the price. Good for children or elderly.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We got this for the kids grandmother to keep her occupied and it's doing a great job at it! She has NO complaints and enjoys it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to use and setup. Good features and apps are easy to download.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is great for entertainment purposes especially if you are an Amazon Prime member. Easy to use and access to most entertainment apps make this tablet and easy purchase especially if you get it on sale for less than $50. Great buy!	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves this. It isn't an ipad but it does all that a good tablet should do with ease.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for simple surfing and reading. Serves it purpose!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Got these as Christmas presents for some of my family members and I must say they love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was looking for something inexpensive but with a large enough screen that I could use it to read musical charts off of when I perform and this little tablet has been a great solution for me. The screen is sharp and bright, the wifi picks up fairly weak signal and makes good use of what's available, the file hierarchy is fairly simple to navigate. It seems built fairly well and for 39$, I'm happy.	Wired Headphones
My nephew liked it and uses it, might not be an ipad but it works	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for my 4 year old and also one for my father. Both are able to use this for their own purposes and are very happy. Price is good, especially since kids tend to be a bit rough with electronics. Plus for profile creation and restricting access to features from kids.	27in FHD Monitor
easy to use. looks good. The prize winner was very pleased.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am amazed with this tablet. For the price I expected something cheaply made to last a short while. I was wrong!! Very sturdy yet light enough not to give you hand/arm cramps while holding it for long periods of time. If you have any downloads you will need a separate SD card for memory. The down side to this is that if you do not install it before you start using it, you may have to reboot the tablet to get it to engage your new memory. The standard 8 gig will only hold what the machine needs and maxing out the internal memory may make it lock up. I put in a 32 gig card and downloaded several movies and books and it still have a ton more space and runs really fast (no streaming issues). We recently took it on a week long vacation and it was great to have downloaded games, books, movies, etc for the teens to watch/play. Overall, a great product for a really great price!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is a good started tablet for children.	20in Monitor
Very simple setup and a great little item for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I think this is a great product/ solution, especially for the price. I needed to replace my portable DVD player. I have 2 young kids and still wanted something to play movies on the planes and during car trips. After looking at my options I decided on getting them both a Kindle for about the same price of 1 DVD player. HEADS UP: The Disney Anywhere app takes some work to download the movies on the kindle but there is a way. You have to access it through Amazon movies in order to download them. I got a MicroSD card to store the movies on and so far so good! They held up, supplied games, movies and when there is Wi-Fi they can play ABCMouse to get some learning in there too. Great buy. Good luck getting those movies downloaded :)	27in FHD Monitor
Got it during black Friday weekend at a great price, works good no problems with them.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great product for kids and adults.Super simple set up that only took a couple minutes!	27in FHD Monitor
My grand-daughter was able to immediately understand how to use this tablet. The operating buttons ( on and volumn) are easy to use. Great tablet	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This came in handy when our computer had to go to the pc hospital. It was convenient, quick, easy to use!	Macbook Pro Laptop
"I use this table to control all of the smart devices in my home. Its the perfect size to do so. Also has the convenience of everyone in the home having the ability to do so with out have to us ""my"" phone."	Apple Airpods Headphones
The kids have really enjoyed playing on their new tablets!	USB-C Charging Cable
love my fire. its much better looking at this screen instead of my phone. and my other computer is big. this is just right to things I need to do like watching videos or tv in quiet place.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I gave this as a gift. The person that received it hasn't said anything about being unhappy with it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought as a gift but have one as well...love it! Great price!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great. Love the size. Loved the price. Use mostly as a reader, but nice to be able to surf the net.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It's very nice and compact. Perfect for kids 10 and under.	Wired Headphones
Very user friendly. Nice for travel. Keeps a charge for a long time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I needed something to travel with. The amazon prime was perfect. I can look at movies and get online and it was cheap and small to carry.	Lightning Charging Cable
awesome buy for the price. camera rated 5 out of 10	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We purchased these for our younger kids (ages 5 & 7) so they could play games and read. Perfect size and they love them! The only negative is that the charging port is very fragile.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice for kids. Has parental control for apps and other functions.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I got this to replace an old Kindle that had no light. Works great and the price can't be beat!	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this for my mom during Black Friday. The screen is big enough for her to watch her movies and play her games. She thinks it's so easy to use. She was using a little cracked screen phone before so she treasures this.	Wired Headphones
I bought this as a gift for a family member and she loved it. Great simple tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I loved this product. Excellent for the price. so much you can do on this. Also excellent for kids.	Google Phone
It's a great tablet for the price. I bought it as a gift and they loved it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the Fire in hopes to play movies from my ultraviolet account. Only to find out that it no longer supports ultraviolet format on the Fire. So, I had to shop elsewhere to play movies for my plane trips. Don't buy if you're looking to play movies this way!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love my new kindle fire. Gives me a tablet at a great price. Highly recommend this kindle	Apple Airpods Headphones
If one is new to tablets, this little table is a good introduction to the tablet world. Much can be learned and accomplished for the small investment. Try one!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Use for surfing and general use. Had for 2 mths works and operates great . Screen is clear	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet has little cpu power and is really only made to work with the Amazon Prime crowd. Not what I was looking for.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Was looking for a nice size tablet when a great price..so far they love the tablet	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased it for my cousin. It is a nice starter tablet for a child. Easy to use. Easy to set up.	20in Monitor
Its a great tablet for the basics that my grandson uses. He finds many hours of entertainment with it by playing games and looking up general info on line.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very convenient! It fits in my purse or jacket pocket, which is a plus, and it has most of the same apps that are available for my mobile phone. I am enjoying my new device.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the Amazon - Fire - 7 Tablet. The screen view/ quality is great! I was worried about the durability at first being that I want to carry it around with me while traveling however I have not had any problems. I plan on using this tablet to supplement my laptop and will definitely recommend it to others.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my brother and he loves it. He uses it to watch videos, surf the web, and read books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is perfect for me, my kids, and for on the go. It's a brand I trust.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Was a gift for my mom and she loves it. Thanks Amazon	Google Phone
Great price on Black Friday! Works perfectly as a child's tablet for educational games teaching letters, numbers, math, etc.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for the price. Nothing g fancy but my young children like them a lot.	27in FHD Monitor
The Kindle Fire 7 is a phenomenal item I bought for child 2 years ago now and she can't put it down. Great alternative to Ipad	LG Dryer
Great tablet for the price. It's very easy to use.	20in Monitor
i bought this for a christmas gift. my granddaughter loves it and it was inexpensive.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my 5 year old nephew that is obsessed with tractors and chains. He had been glued to this screen since Christmas.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This item is great for kids reading! set up a Kindle account and they pick the books! Many free!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a good product at the cost. Touch sensitivity is acceptable.	Flatscreen TV
I bought 2 for my kids for XMAS, the purple and tangerine. The colors were great! The tablets are really nice and they enjoy them. Great camera. The only complaint is some of the games in the play store charge. The same games were free in the google play store.	Flatscreen TV
Purchased for Christmas for my grandkids. The perfect gift to keep them off my phone using my data.	27in FHD Monitor
The amazon fire is a great value for the money. Lots of functionality for under $50.	Flatscreen TV
I got a great price on this item, it was a gift and my mom loves it. Easy to start using on day 1.	Wired Headphones
It's a good tablet but only for like little Childen to play on not for teens. I don't think it should have high expectations, if thinking that.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had been searching for a reliable and durable tablet for my child, after various reviews I went through with purchasing a pair of the kindle fires. For my child it is perfect, he's able to play games and videos without much issues. Being a young child durability is required as was low cost, this item has more than met expectations. For an adult it is more a passable option as the os can be frustrating and the unit will lag on occasion.	Flatscreen TV
I'm an android developer, and as such have owned and operated maybe 20 android devices and 10 iOS devices in the last five years. Honestly, the Fire is a bit faster and more stable than many tablets 2-3x its price. I find the UI a bit cluttered- it takes a fair amount of swiping to get where I want, and the home screens stretch on a bit with the default arrangement- but its a wonderful way to read books, check the internet, and do general web browsing. And since its a major name brand tablet , its very easy to find screen protectors and cases at even five below, which fit it perfectly. Too many cheap tablets are such a small, specialized item that you'll never be able to find replacement parts or matching cases. Overall, one of my three favorite devices out of 30 or so.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I recommend this product and Best Buy to friends and family members	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Very inexpensive, good size and weight to carry, added a 64 gb memory card and I have everything I need, from books to videos.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this tablet for my young nephew. I love the playtime feature so his parents can monitor how long he spends daily on the tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works good and great price, great for books or music on the go	USB-C Charging Cable
My niece loves it! Her sister got one for Xmas and now she got one too.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought as gift, don't know the details, but kids love be it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great entertainment value for my 5 yr old! Just wish it had more internal memory	USB-C Charging Cable
"This is a smooth product. works very well; still have the iPad over it but for the price you can't beat it ."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I LOVE this little tablet, so much I've bought several for gifts. You just need to buy the little 32 GB Micro SD card and you have a fine little tablet, great for streaming, netflix, emails, FB, games, movies, music--anything!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my son and it works great. The parental controls are easy to use and I love the curfew option.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought ut for my 7 year old and it works great. It is a great price and a good way to help your child learn about the technology.	20in Monitor
Needed a replacement tablet and looked at a variety of options. The Fire was at a good price and is working well.	27in FHD Monitor
Sleak littoe device for the price for normal everyday use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Smooth operating system. It's no IPAD but good enough for the money. Purchased for the kids to eliminate abuse to our higher priced items. Would have no problems buying the item again at this point.	iPhone
This is an outstanding tablet, especially for the money. Does all I need it to do at a great price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This was my daughter first tablet. She loves it and it's amazing, for the price it can't be beat.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a great gift for any teenager you have access to a great library.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought it for my son and it keep him going. I love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids use this when we travel and they absolutely love it to be able to play games, watch movies or just read books. We love these!	Wired Headphones
Great for kids or anything to do with simple task. Great to for watching amazon prime ,YouTube or just checking face book or any other chats. Love to play games. The family loves it all.	Wired Headphones
If you don't have a tablet or your kid doesn't this is a great option. Durable and an excellent value.	Google Phone
My son enjoys being on his tablet and getting on all the apps he has. It keeps him entertained. He loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
My mom loves it! She uses it everyday for everyday us and to video char	Wired Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my sister as a Christmas present.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Gave to my brother as a gift, and he takes it everywhere with hin	27in FHD Monitor
This was just what we were looking for our kids picked it right up and was playing on it in just minutes	iPhone
I love the Fire. It is great for reading and watching movies. I added Amazon Prime and this made it perfect!	27in FHD Monitor
The Fire itself works well so far, the ouch comes from the fact that the buyers Amazon account MUST be hitched to it to download free games. Who wants kids downloading anything that has your credit card attached even if it's free or accessing your account?	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like buying stuff from Bestbuy because, it's always seems cheaper than others!!!	Vareebadd Phone
It is a nice convenient tablet for carrying around.	iPhone
Got it for my 2 daughters for Christmas and they very happy	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price, item works perfectly and my daughter loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
For 50 dollars you cant REALLY complain, it actually will take a drop pretty well too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice price for all you get great product all best buy employees	Lightning Charging Cable
GOOD PURCHASE HAPPY WITH PRODUCT, WOULD RECOMMENDS	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Simple to use and great for beginners! I'm buying one for my son too.	20in Monitor
Cool tablet kids love it affordable nice gb size awesome	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was uncertain about the fire tablet since I own an iPad mini. Bought it for my mother and love it! It works smoothly, the system is awesome and my mother loves it as well! I also got the HD 8 for my daughter	Wired Headphones
for the price it is worth it... for below usd50.00 you get a decent tablet	Wired Headphones
This was a great purchase. I love the size and functionality.	Google Phone
Bought for grandkids. They loved it and I'd recommend it to everyone.	Wired Headphones
Perfect for my four year old daughter w/ geek squad protection	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. Awesome price. Best Buy had in stock when amazon didn't. Recommend.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price for the Amazon tablet. It is Def worth the money just don't like that you can't get real versions of the Google Apps	USB-C Charging Cable
The item was on sale over the Christmas period at a great price. Took it home and when I charged it up, the back of the tablet became very hot to the touch and the battery life reduced dramatically. Left it alone, tried it again, this time no issues. Four days later, it did the same thing when I was charging it up again. Sent it back for a refund.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am so pleased with each and every product I purchased!!!!! Everything is GREAT!	Wired Headphones
It is very easy to use and i love that it syncs with my phone app for holding my reading spot.	USB-C Charging Cable
Would like to be able to delete items to make room for more things I do want but otherwise I enjoy it very much. Easy to take anywhere	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price it was well worth it. Tablet works great and definitely better than other tablets at this price. It's perfect for reading or playing games and very easy to use!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"So I've been wanting a fire since they originally came out read some questionable review's about kindle basic stuff nothing seemed to really discourage me you really don't know what your experience will be unless you try so I got it and began the prime ""free trial "" I was shocked to wake up this morning to find out I had been charged $107.00 for a full year of prime one day before my trial was supposed to end no email no contact no are you interested they just charged my card without warning imaginably upset with Amazon. the tablet it self is so so and is slightly basic the front facing camera is slightly better then the outwards one the Alexa feature is kinda nice and fun to talk to it also sync's to other echo devices as well if buying for a teenager or any young adult do set parental controls and or passwords to keep from unauthorized perchues I think the tablet is OK but no great but because of my recent experience I rated it it 2 stars your ultimately going to make up your own mind and decided if your going to purchase this device and decide if its right for you good luck in your decision"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the Fire for my wife after she started getting headaches in the evening doing Facebook and email on her iPhone. The larger screen on the Fire makes it easier on her eyes and her headaches are gone.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have one of these already I bought this one for my cousin for Christmas she loves it.. is now able to watch Netflix and the like without having to fight her daughter and husband for the TV..	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My child had one before , and loved it. So we got him another one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Device is preloaded with many friendly apps that are easy to use.	Product
Good all-around tablet, able to multitask many things.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is better than you think you'd get for the price. Decent design and it's faster than most tablets in this price range. Not a fan of Amazon's Fire OS and wish it had Android but most of the apps are available so it's not a major issue. Overall great buy!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great price for a tablet. Like the size and looks.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it my amazon fire tablet . It is great for kids to	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my dad. He loves it and it's easy to use.	Flatscreen TV
I purchased this item before b but did not buy a case for protection. I bought two. One for each grandson, They are three days apart. This time I've bought them cases and the parents are happy. They have learned how to navigate them and have learned so much from them. They both are advanced preschoolers, Thanks to this investment. Thank you for b bringing the price down, this has inspired me to have my sister purchase some for her five grands. We are all happy. Thank you again.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
my 14 year old granddaughter loves her tablet. She uses it to stay connected to her friends on FB and watches movies on it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my sister in law for Christmas. She can't put it down as she loves it so much. Great product for the price. Has everything she wanted on a tablet. Great beginner tablet and so easy for her to use.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought two as gifts for our daughters. Thought since they recently started to read books again and would buy the actual books or try to read them on their phones, it would make a perfect gift. They love to be able to download books from Amazon and be able to use it as a tablet with tons of entertainment at their fingertips.	Wired Headphones
I recently bought this as a blind buy for a christmas gift for a family member and they really enjoyed it. Also a great price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my daughter to watch movies on & play educational games. It takes some time getting used to Amazon's Apps, But so far so good! It gets 4 stars bc the Camara takes terrible pictures.	Wired Headphones
We are very happy with this tablet the ability to expand the memory is awesome	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet to have for the kids and me to play games, read books, etc. I just wish it was able to get more of the apps that are on android	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great price! Easy to setup and the kids will not put it down. It's very light weight too. I bought 5.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this item as a Christmas present. The price was a steal of a deal! It was easy to set up and the kids loved it. I bought a black, a blue and a red. I even bought 2 more for my friends kids. The children loved it!	Wired Headphones
great product for the price, I'm pleased with the Kindle Fire and would recommend this product to all age groups.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Fun for the kids to play with in their spare time.	20in Monitor
Bought for a friend and he loves it. Using it to record notes for school, surfing the net and listening to music.	Flatscreen TV
Excellent product. Works flawlessly and very handy.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for grandson because it was cheaper than a kids tablet. Bought a case and it works fine.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I use my Amazon Fire almost every day. So much easier to carry the Fire versus books!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this as a gift for my granddaughter. She is 6 yrs old and loves it. it's easy to use and she can scroll between programs without problem,	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my grandchildren over the holidays. they are 3 and 6yrs old. they love it . it's easy to use - and they are able to scroll through the programs easily.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This product is okay, but does not due what a normal tablet can due. Example, social media such as instagram and snapchat are not accessible on this tablet due to it being an amazon product. Had I known that, I would not have purchased it.	iPhone
Purchased this black Kindle as a gift for my niece after having one for my kids for a year. It runs great and at that price there are no complains.	Wired Headphones
I bought it for a kid. I asked her about and she said she like it! In add, it is not expensive.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Pretty good tablet I use it for my 2 year old daughter she really likes it. Very practical small travel size device for when we are traveling back & forth on the road. Very sturdy keep charge long time a reliable piece of technology for my family & for my tech needs	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet as a gift and I might end up buying one for myself.	27in FHD Monitor
Good to have for smaller tablet use. Lightweight, easy to carry.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I bought this for my wife who really likes the Amazon Tablets. She said she really enjoyed the very clear picture and how fast it was. Like they say.... ""Happy Wife....Happy Life"""	USB-C Charging Cable
I am very pleased with my Kindle Fire except for the battery area gets hot after a while. I use my Kindle to read eBooks and holding it can get a little warm.	Wired Headphones
I got 1 for myself after the kids got them for Christmas and I can check up on them and see what they are doing and set parental controls fairly easily	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have enjoyed my Amazon Fire. It tends to be slow to download but other than that I am very happy with it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I regretted buying this item.I will never recommend this to anyone	Apple Airpods Headphones
Amazon products are always great products! This time, the pricing was very competitive and reasonable.	Wired Headphones
Bought tha laptop for my wife to use she really enjoys it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Come on-- I bought a brand new Amazon Fire for $39! I can download and read my books. I can browse the internet. I can probably do other things if I ever get around to that! It's not a PC. It's not a gamer machine. But what it is is ridiculously useful for the pittance you pay. If you're actually looking at this review trying to decide whether or not to pay forty bucks for this Kindle you should probably ask yourself-- what do I EXPECT to get for this price? One steak dinner, 3/4 of a tank of gas, a case of brews... or something that's going to last for several years and actually make it easier for you to improve yourself reading! You really ought to buy one for yourself and one for your grandkid like I did. Have I convinced you yet? Or are you expecting Amazon to come to your door and hand you a new Kindle for free?!!!	iPhone
Good tablet wish I could download apps on it like on my phone such as bank info, n other app I use would b more beneficial for kids	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my kindle fire it is very convenient and handy, perfect size	Vareebadd Phone
I cannot believe this came with the SD Card slot. This is by far the best amazon tablet purchased	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchase this tablet for my mother. Her first tablet to read books.	Macbook Pro Laptop
There was a lot of proprietary stuff that takes away from the actual usage of the device.	Vareebadd Phone
I had a kindle once before, and decided to try the fire. It was at a great price, and I love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good gift for someone. Got this for my girlfriends mom for xmas.	Flatscreen TV
Very powerful, tablet, can do so much with it, love it! Love the kindle, so many titles available.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this tablet to stream music in my hair salon. Works perfectly for what I need it to do. Love it !	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
my son uses it to learn about the internet. down loaded some games. that he can play and have fun with. was a little small. I wish I got a bigger one. but it was a good price. still need to figure out how to do more with it. like take pics,	Apple Airpods Headphones
I really like the Amazon Fire Tablet because it is easy to navigate, the size of the screen is good, and the weight of the product is not too heavy. I purchased the first one for my husband a couple of years ago, but he broke it and I decided that it would be a great Christmas gift for him since he really enjoyed the first one. Because I really like the product, I have recommended it to several people who have purchased one.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy stocking stuffer or gift exchange. Reasonably priced also.	USB-C Charging Cable
The fiancé wanted one because she's a heavy reader and it's easy, convenient and portable. Was a only 40$, probably the best money I spent too make her happier.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this so my brother could watch his videos on something other than my phone.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Use this tablet for travel - has mini sd to keep movies and files- great for kindle book downloads - fabulous price	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this tablet for my best friend for Christmas she loved it.	Flatscreen TV
This is exactly what my wife was looking for. I would buy again.	Lightning Charging Cable
Best small tablet on the market hands down. Easy bright great touch screen.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very easy to setup and use. Like the picture or screen. Bought 5 gave them as gifts. Everyone loved them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have a older kindle loved it. I love the new storage on this one and easy to use buttons. Great battery life.	Wired Headphones
Easy to get started. Great variety of apps. Price very attractive..	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this during Christmas rush and didn't think much of it since it was slightly open. (They had none in stock and needed 4 of them for all my children ) upon opening item , one had a small crack (bearly noticeable ). Increased useage of item cause the screen to spider web... tried to return but no help with management .... store at fountains in El Paso Texas . So I have 3 perfect kindles and one cracked .... very disappointed 1 star	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great basic tablet for kids and novices. Worth a try	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet was purchased as a gift. I've had 2 other Kindle tablets and they've always been great. Can't beat the price.	LG Dryer
great price, great screen and resolution, easy to use and good performance for less than $50.	Wired Headphones
I love it! Loaded lots of things for my self and kids. The price was also great !! Even my kinds can use it easily . I have recommended it to many of my friends and family . Enjoying it to the fullest . I use over wifi and with my internet as well	Lightning Charging Cable
This is great for the beginner, not a big investment.	USB-C Charging Cable
this was just what I needed for surfing the web and watching hbo to go as well as amazon prime and all the books you can get. good product!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my third Kindle. At the $49. price this is an incredible tablet. I highly recommend this product.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Does the job well, great for kids and adults. Was on sell for only $40 during Black Friday. Good buy.	Wired Headphones
Can't beat this product for the price. Good screen quality and decent speed. Cameras aren't that great but it's not really for pictures. Overall, a great product!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good value tablet. Better than non brand cheap tablets.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My kids use this tablet. It works great! I think I got more than what I paid for. Can't expect more for approx $30.	USB-C Charging Cable
The tablet is good for basic uses and is low cost.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for a basic entry tablet. Plus u can upgrade the memory on it which is a plus.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought one for myself and a few others for a raffle. This is a great tablet for a great price. It doesn't have all of the apps that the google store has, but Amazon underground has some great free apps. It's got good external storage options and a fast processor. I highly recommend.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Fire is very much so as it's slogan suggests, a sensible tablet. Inexpensive and versatile, highly recommend	Vareebadd Phone
Bought 3 of these for Christmas presents and one for myself. Other than not allowing Crunchyroll app it does everything quite well! Internet, photo storing and editing, movies, email, games - great!! App store covers all the needs and mostly free! Love em!	Wired Headphones
I ordered this as a Christmas present for my wife. She fell in love with it!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased for my son for Christmas and he loves it /. Great price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift therefore I cannot have a very good review of the item.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"For the price this tablet is not bad (it was a $35 black Friday purchase). It does Amazon prime, netflix, surfs, etc. It is not a truly ""open"" android system, as it's locked down in some ways by Amazon (i.e. you cannot easily access the google play store). Some apps do not run on this tablet (presumably due to system specs). I think I had trouble getting Disney Channel app for this tablet, which is a shame.But for $35, it's hard to expect too much."	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the 3rd Kindle Fire I have bought. This one was a present for my nephew. I love the Fire tablets, the graphics and picture quality is great. Amazon offers many of the same high quality apps as Apple. I actually have an iPad too but would rather play on my Fire tablet. I have used my Fire tablets in classes, read magazines and books, and watch TV shows and movies for free as I have Amazon Prime.	27in FHD Monitor
my daughter loves it its very easy to use i got the child proof case also	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this tablet for $35 for an older family friend and it is simple to use. Certainly doesn't have a ton of capability, but is more than adequate for basic email, web surfing and taking photos/videos.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
once I learn how to use all of the apps I am sure I will enjoy it more but I do have trouble scrolling	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 2 of these for my niece & nephew! They think I'm awesome now!!! I'd say they were definitely worth the purchase.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet is a great deal! Simple to use, my son loves having access to all his favorite shows and games without having to ask to use my phone.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a nice tablet with quality that I would expect from a higher priced unit.	27in FHD Monitor
It's a great for reading books but it's not that great when it comes to everything else.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. Easy to download books. Easy access to the web.	Lightning Charging Cable
excellent product able to get on the internet for movies, research, games communications, web surfing.	Lightning Charging Cable
Gave this tablet to my daughter for Xmas, now she can enjoy playing her games on the tablet	Wired Headphones
we got this for my dads girlfriend this year for christmas and she was able to just start using it right away. it is a bit akward to hold since it is so long but its not too bad. compared to my tab s2 it is pretty close when it comes to responsiveness. if you want something that is very easy to use and you dont mind the amazon marketplace constantly trying to insert ads and sell you things this is an awesome tablet that can actually have some of that stripped out if you know what to do and how to do it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got it for my 11 year old and she loves it. She can get email, help her with homework etc. The only downside is we can't figure out how to get Google apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 2, 1 for my wife to replace her older tablet and 1 for my grandson, who is 8 yrs old. They both love their fire. My wife has told me it is fast and easy to operate while my grandson takes it everywhere and plays games on it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this 1 because of the camera and good price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet so far. I bought it as a gift andhave heard no complaints	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for my 12-year-old daughter. The camera, space, and design work perfectly for her. She loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle is perfect for fast browsing, reading ebooks, my kids love the product and I am now using the tablet for work. It fits perfectly in my bag and with the swipe method I can type a lot faster.	ThinkPad Laptop
I have been using my phone to play games and Facebook. This Tablet is awesome. Wish I had bought several more for my grand children.	Wired Headphones
It's very easy to navigate threw! My child loves it!	Wired Headphones
I bought two of these as Christmas gifts and my little sisters absolutely love these!! Almost as fast as my iPad. Hopefully they continue to work this way.	Wired Headphones
Got ir in a deal for black friday, worth the money paid!	Wired Headphones
Somewhat substandard. iPads are certainly better. But it gets the job done for $50.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the table as a Christmas gift for my 7 year old. Perfect for children or beginners. Decent speed, only complaint is the camera (very bad quality camera)	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought it for our kids and they love it its really easy for them to use it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet for Christmas and only used it for one day. The next day I could not use it, it keep glitching. When I got it, the box was opened and it had an inspect sticker on the box, I guess that is what Best Buy does. I think someone switched it out. I took it back to Best Buy to see if someone could fix it and they said it would be $200 to fix or call Amazon. Why would I pay $200 to fix a tablet that was $40. Amazon is replacing my defected one for free after many attempts to fix it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We purchased this for mu husbands mother and she seems to really be enjoying it and it seems user friendly for her	34in Ultrawide Monitor
A bit slow for some games, but for general browsing and reading it is more than satisfactory. I think it is great for its designed purpose	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the size. Easier to travel with than my laptop.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablet is really good for the price. Great deal.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
worth the price and pretty useful around the house	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My son was very pleased when he saw the kindle fire. He loves it and it is great for him because he like to read his books online.	Wired Headphones
Easy my kids love it....easy set up ....easy to use	Wired Headphones
"It took me a bit to warm up to it, going from a 10"" tablet to this little 7"", but it is rapidly becoming my go to. The video quality is great, and the audio is more than adequate for a small tablet. I love the convenience of having a smaller tablet - my only wish is that the battery life was a bit longer than the 7 hours. That said - in sleep mode it lasts days. Very happy, and will be purchasing a larger Fire tablet in the future."	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my kids aged 7 and 3. It's strong, bright, light weight, affordable and easy to use. I have never used any of the Amazon Fire products so there was a learning curve but and hour later I feel like a Fire pro.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for my 11 year old daughter. She absolutely loves it. We have had 3 other tablets in the past (all different brands), and she tells me this is the nicest one so far. We have only had it for about a week, but it has sure gotten it's use :) Very happy with this purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is great for the kids. And it was cheap when I got it. Its recommendable for kids when they play games	USB-C Charging Cable
I was hesitant to buy, thinking the tablet would not be very good, but for the price of $49.99, it's been great for my teenage niece. She uses it to watch movies, FB, You Tube, and web.	Lightning Charging Cable
The fire is good had to buy a extra memory card. The charger is shorter than it should be. My son likes it	Wired Headphones
Tablet is working good. I brought it for my daughter as a christmas gift. It features a freetime app for kids only that way they cant download and surf the browser. My only complaint is that when u turn the tab off and log into the kid profile it has to download all the apps again.	Lightning Charging Cable
My son loves this. We've had two other tablets, both cost about the same as this. The others were pretty unusable. This table is fantastic, definitely great value for the money.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very hard to set up child profile without paying for a subscription to freetime. Once I got it finally set up though, runs smoothly, but battery doesn't seem to last very long.	Flatscreen TV
I decided to buy my son a tablet. After lots of research, this turned out to be the best one for it's price point. It even has expandable memory! So if you want a simple go to tablet I highly recommend this one!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
this is a great tablet at a great price. it is very user friendly.	iPhone
"For the price I think this was a ""Best Buy"" it made for a great Christmas gift"	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my 3 and 2year old and it works the same as a free time tablet but for a fraction of the price	Wired Headphones
Easy to set up, easy to use. Good for throwing in your bag and having access to books all of the time	Wired Headphones
Easy to use, great gor reading, easy to download books	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the cost. Camera's quality is poor but other than that its a great tablet for the money.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
very easy to use. this is just perfect size to carry with me	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
First time tablets for the childeren. Great gift at a great price, the parents love them too. Basic tablet with many features that are very useful to the whole family. Not too sure about battery life just yet.	Google Phone
Love the Kindle FireGreat size, Good Resolution, Alot of Apps	27in FHD Monitor
Got it for the kids great find just the best first tablet	Wired Headphones
This is very easy to handle and perfect for the kids	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for this price. Display is very nice and you get all the features of Android in this. The camera and speaker are not so great though. Excellent gift for new tablet users.	iPhone
Got this for $35 on Black Friday. Even if I paid full price I'd be more than happy with it. Nice and portable and does everything you'll need.	Wired Headphones
For the price this was an ok purchase...the camera picture is not very good to say the least but overall ok for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A fast and good quality tablet for the money that you spend.	27in FHD Monitor
Purchased two of these tablets for Christmas presents (10 yr old and 7 yr old children). Had researched them prior to buying so new what they were capable of and what they weren't. Pleasantly surprised with overall performance and durability. No, they are not iPads, didn't expect them to be, but at a sixth of the cost they do their job extremely well.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my son, He really loves it for reading and playing Games.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my youngest and he loves it.. very easy to work and fast downloading. Great investment until he wants the real thing..	Vareebadd Phone
This is for our 2 year old. Yes, she is 2 and yes she knows how to use these. This tablet is perfect for simple use, children, reading, etc. I wouldn't want to boggle it down with hundreds of apps, but this does it's job and was a great deal at that price!	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought as holiday gifts for older kids. They loved them. I helped set up and you can tell the quality of the product by the way it feels in your hands. Very quick processing. Suggest buying micro sd cards for additional storage space. 8GB isn't much.	Wired Headphones
Bought as presents for the grand-kids. Perfect size for them...perfect price for us. Win Win	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a great christmas gift, for the person that I bought it for. They asked Santa for it, and it looks like he came through again this year. It may be a while before I get a thank you, cause it came from santa---- Check your santa mail box. they might say how much they liked it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The amazon fire i bought for christmas works great.	Wired Headphones
My kids love there kindles. They want put them down. This was a great Christmas gift	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is great for a first time tablet owner, just smaller than my current one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I ordered several of these to send to family in Haiti. They were on sale.	20in Monitor
Bought this for my young cousins and they love it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
really slow but for 25 dollars who am i to complaint, i just use it for books and my kids for games.	USB-C Charging Cable
I like the color quality of the tablet and the size is perfect for at home or on the go.	ThinkPad Laptop
It is a great product for the price, does need the expansion card for memory!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
System over-all is fast and I mean for less that $50, its very reliable.The only downside, its uses almost 50% of the internal storage already, OS and built-in apps ... Should have settled for 32GB or more.Other than that, this toy is just ok :)	Lightning Charging Cable
I like it allot, but the memory size is somewhat limiting. I thought that I could save and run apps from the SD card, but it seems that most of the app still need to reside in the internal memory.Also beware that Android apps will not work on a Kindle. Kindle Fire apps need to be downloaded from Amazon.	USB-C Charging Cable
great product used by all ages and everyone love it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Like the fact that you can add extra memory to this tablet. Overall great for travel for books and videos on Amazon.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought these while they were on sale for the kids. They loved it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good starter product for someone. If you use this a lot, the 8G is not big enough.	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought this tablet for my 75 year old father who wanted something handheld to play games and read his email. It is good for that. Screen is too small for elderly eyes but it made him feel like he was getting with today's technology . It was very cheap on Black Friday!	Lightning Charging Cable
Excelent tablet, great price. It's good for any age. You don't need to expend a lot of money, we bought on thanksgiving and we paid less than $49.99.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a good tablet for that price. screen resolution is also good. I have purchased for my friend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
If you want a tablet to watch movies and use with Prime, this is awesome for the money. Not great to browse with but will get the job done. Can't beat for $35	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I can't believe it's so cheap now. I had the previous model and it was great. I mostly use it for reading, but it's great that you can add other apps to pass the time.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price this tables does everything I need. so far.	
This is a great entry point into the tablet market. This was a purchase for my father in law and he really enjoys it. It is a bit on the smaller side but he wasn't sure if he would want a tablet. So far he really seems to be enjoying it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
can not down load any apps from goggle play, didn't know amazon and goggle don't have agreements to sharge	Flatscreen TV
My son was excited to get this and it kept closing on him. Returned it but they don't have any in stock to exchange. Frustrated and my son is upset	USB-C Charging Cable
So far I have bought three of these of tablets and they love it	Macbook Pro Laptop
the only bad thing I could come up with would be the battery doesn't last that long. otherwise this tablet is great for the money does everything an apple does and can add to the memory witch is fantastic.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a gift to my daughter, she likes to play games and web browsing with it, and she is very happy with this tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this tablet on Black Friday. I love how easy it was to get this tablet up and going. Now I don't have to use my phone to get on the internet. If you are looking for an affordable tablet, this is the one for you.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought two of them during the Thanksgiving sale for $35 each. I mainly bought them for gifting purpose but used one of them myself and was not disappointed. You get what you pay for but for $35 this is the best gift that someone is going to receive.	iPhone
The Tablet is good for Kid's Basic use to watch Videos and play few games. Touch should be improved.	Apple Airpods Headphones
i am glad i got them for my grand children they r enjoying them	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the grandsons. They love it and it fits all their needs for Facebook, Email, and reading	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Keyboard is a must for ease of use. Sometimes apps don't want to close.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We are enjoying our TV with the surround system. The picture is great as you can see detail's in people and back ground we didn't notices before. We need to get a new dish receiver to move the TV to its new location were we will be wireless.	20in Monitor
i bought two of these to gift, but i kind of want to keep them for myself.	Wired Headphones
Purchase was good. Very easy to set up and use. Clear screen. Easy to charge. Would like more storage.	ThinkPad Laptop
His is a very economical entry level tablet. Great for kids or for first time users.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I brought this tablet for my mother, who's never touched a computer, and she loved it. It's great for beginners, and well worth the cost.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my son, great inexpensive tablet for a beginner.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tablet is easy to use and I can carry it with me in a medium size purse. Easy to down load books and other information. I had the Kindle before and this upgrade is a pleasure!	Wired Headphones
I want to start out by pointing out that I honestly was not expecting much to begin with. I was just hoping for something backlit to read with at night. My problem with it is that it was slow to the point where it was almost unusable. Just bite the bullet and get a more expensive model if you're new to Amazon Fire. This is not representative of the experience of owning one.	Wired Headphones
Real good deal. Nice present for those who want a tablet	Google Phone
Good gift for basic Internet use browsing emails .	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a good beginning tablet. Works well and has lots of preloaded apps to start you off.	Wired Headphones
I was impressed how good this tablet is for the price that i paid. Really good tablet for the kids.	Wired Headphones
I got this for my 2 year old nephew he loves it and it is pretty quick the one down side is that Amazon charges you $15 if you want to remove the adds that are in the lock screen but besides that the device is perfect for him to play games and watch movies	Flatscreen TV
Great and clear looking screen, with a 3d effect. Easy set up. Loving it!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Well priced. Easy to operate. Fast and efficient. Great product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nothing fancy. A good budget tablet that does what It suppose to do	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought tablet for my five year old nephew. Is affordable and has good specs. Easy to use. Camera and video are good. My nephew has no problem using it	Google Phone
Bought this for our 7 year old son for Christmas. Took it on a 1,000 Mile drive and it was great for watching movies and playing games. Only complaint we have is he was unable to download Madden Mobile on it. Not sure if it's the operating system or something else. Great size and would highly recommend as a cost effective tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought them as gifts for my nephews, who are teenagers, and they love them. Obviously you cannot expect them to be as high quality as the $400-500 tablets, but for $35 on black Friday they will serve their purpose.	ThinkPad Laptop
Good battery life. I don't have any problems connecting to Wi-Fi.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was a great buy at Black Friday easy to use very portable	Lightning Charging Cable
This table is realy nice for starters. This table have lots off free apps. It's easy to use and u can put in an sd card for more space.	27in FHD Monitor
Yes, you get ads on the lockscreen but the Fire OS has improved do much that it makes up for any shortcoming. It's a great tablet for the price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for little ones who are just getting started on apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am not highly technical and this was easy to learn how to use. It is small enough to be easy to carry. I have been able to download the few games that I play. So far, I can't find a single thing to be unhappy about!	USB-C Charging Cable
It is an excellent tablet, however it's app store is not as good as android.	Google Phone
Purchased this as a christmas gift for my mom who isn't to tech davy. She loved it and says its easy to navigate.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I purchased 3 of these on the BLACK FRIDAY sale ($34.99 each) and received them in 2 days! Had to wait until Christmas to have them opened by my kids to see their potential. Great tablet and features (especially kid mode) but have only one complaint so far.....one of the tablets had a BAD DIGITIZER right from the start and had a horrible time trying to use the tablet. Hence only giving this item a 4 star rating as this issue should NEVER happen right out of the package. However Bestbuy is doing everything to make sure I'm a happy customer by ""price matching"" when the item is available (completely sold out everywhere). Other than that issue this tablet is user friendly, fast processing/web browsing, decent battery life and great WiFi connection (doesn't drop signal like other tablets). Would recommend!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
If your connected to amazon the tablet is great to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet was cheap and a great deal. The kids love it. It is very nice because it has a kids mode and a separate parent mode.	USB-C Charging Cable
$50 for a tablet, yes please! I gave it a whirl and what a great tablet for the cost. Its pretty quick in the apps, i thought it might lag or be a little slow, I was wrong!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
You can download free apps, take good pics and the resolution looks great!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a fantastic tablet. I take it to workAll the time.	27in FHD Monitor
I should've bought more when I had the chance. It's a compact tablet and good for the value.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The price is perfect and the portability can't be beat!	iPhone
new tv is great.wife enjoying books on kindle..!!!!!!!!!!!!!1	Macbook Pro Laptop
Good for beginners. My staff really liked this treat for christmas	Wired Headphones
Gave this as a gift. Grandson loves it. We liked the low price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My step son never really used a tablet before and he has no problem picking this up and just using it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
U can do so much with this tablet, compare to the more expensive ones	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet works wonders great price my grandchildren love it . My granddaughter love downloading books my grandsons enjoy the games.	Lightning Charging Cable
For an android powered device and no google support it works alright	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This little tablet is just what I needed. Easy to use and functional with a good display. For cloud access, reading email, internet, using apps, music and photo storage what more can you ask for. Expandable memory this really has nearly everything you could want on an inexpensive device. Don't worry ads don't get in the way they are only one the first screen.	20in Monitor
This was a gift for my daughter. It's easy to use and can do a lot	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for kids like how sturdy they are my son has dropped his twice and it must keeps on going. Also. Added Amazon prime which is a great deal.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought thd Fird for my daughter and she uses it primarily as an e-book reader.	27in FHD Monitor
I'm so happy with my purchase. I use it mostly as a Kindle. It's a bit heavy to hold for an hour of reading. Proping it on my lap or a pillow solves that issue. It performs better than I expected for a $49 tablet . My wife returned her $800 iPad Pro after a week of comparing the two devices. Only 4 stars because of the weight and the home screen advertisements. Both are minor issues.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
A no frills budget tablet. Although it can do some light gaming, I would not recommend it for that, Its best at watching video, browsing the web and reading,	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A cheap tablet that is a very good bang for your buck.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet especially for the price.Brother loved it for Christmas.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought it for my 16yr old for Christmas and she loved it...uses it to surf the internet and social media. Also uses it for movies and music. Great deal for the price, would recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
purchased it tonight, time is wrong, you cannot change time manually because it has to have wifi to update the time.....AND IT WON'T CONNECT TO ANY WIFI THAT NEEDS A PASSCODE OR PASSWORD BECAUSE IT HAS TO HAVE CORRECT TIME!!!!!!! THIS IS 2016 TECHNOLOGY AMAZON? I've had many devices, but none that make you find a WIFI without a password (hard to do because starbucks, hotels, etc. all need you to click to agree to their terms for wifi...) all because the time cannot be changed without wifi!!!Returning it tomorrow!!!!!P.S. ALSO AN ISSUE ON THE AMAZON FORUMS, SO I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE DEALING WITH THIS!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet for my mom as an additional after X-mas gift. She likes the clean/simple/no fuss/etc. way a tablet works, ie, no keyboard/mouse/etc., just your fingers for input.	20in Monitor
Great item for a fraction of the price of an ipdad	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my 8 year old daughter for Christmas, I don't think she's put it down ever since. I also downloaded Skype (to replace facetime) so that she can speak to relatives through video.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet was a great buy. The price was lovely, so I purchased three of them for my nephews for Christmas! They love them! They've been very functional for what they are being used for. I have no complaints and they don't either!	Wired Headphones
Good deal. I recommended this tablet to several family members.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I picked this up during Black Friday and managed to get it cheaper than MSRP. My girlfriend and I have it in the living room to pick up and use whenever another screen is occupied by something else. It's very useful, and since we weren't looking for anything with deep features, it was well worth the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I bought this for myself on Black Friday and am very pleased. For a FIFTY DOLLAR tablet, it has a great display and battery life. It's capabilities are below many system requirements of applications and games meaning they may not run at all or if they do, poorly. That's fine for my needs as apps/games aren't my focus. If you're buying a tablet for games/apps I would recommend looking past the Amazon tablets and over to full android os tablets or ipads as the google play and apple app store have muchhh more options. In that case, it definitely is worth it to spend more for tablet capabilities.I use my amazon fire 7"" tablet for reading, searching the internet, shopping from amazon, and watching movies from my sd card. It works great for my needs. The volume is fine and it does have bluetooth so I have my bluetooth ear buds connected to them most of the time. It's the perfect size and weight and does not feel 'budget.' Note: the invisible screens for this tablet are SUCH A PAIN to install and in my opinion not even worth it. If you want to protect the screen, I would recommend going with amazon's fire case it's very nice quality and the cover flap flips over to protect the screen when you're not using it.My point, if you know what you're getting and are ok with that, you're going to really appreciate this tablet."	Lightning Charging Cable
Great to use and I like the larger screen. It is fast and easy to use.	ThinkPad Laptop
The tablet stop working after the second week. I couldnt find the receipt to return it. Its just beenCollecting dust	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon did a fantastic job. I gave it to my father as a Christmas gift and he loves it.	Wired Headphones
You give an amazing 7” tablet, with front and rear facing cameras, a nice interface, fairly snappy performance and durability, all for under 50 bucks! I can’t imagine not buying these for your kids, but not a primary tablet for a techie adult by any means.I f you are looking for a great entry level tablet that does most of the things people want, this little tablet definitely delivers the value.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet works really well, but the pictures, etc. appear a little small but overall this is a good table. It does what I need and I got it at a great price!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It is perfect for anyone and especially for a child moving on from a Kurio. It is easily regulated by a parent with the parental controls.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
You get what you pay for. The camera is terrible but I bought it for games and reading. The ads can get annoying but for what I paid for its a good product	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's fast ,well build would recommend for anyone who has young kids	iPhone
This is the first time that I've used a Kindle tablet. I've used Android and Apple devices before, and this is a different beast. People that are used to an Android experience, will not be thrilled with this device. Even though it looks like Android, the Play Store is not available and not all of the basic apps are included in the Kindle Store. If I had to do it all over again I'd spend an extra $50 or $60 and get an actual Android tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
The screen is clear and great for playing games and watching videos.Doing homework is easier	Wired Headphones
Not the fastest for loading web pages, but apps run smoothly. I've noticed that internet connection will not function if there is not enough room in memory, so delete some apps if you cannot access wi-fi. Great for Netflix, Flixter and games. Good resolution, just short of HD, but can tell the difference if HD is chosen over SD when given the choice while watching movies.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the Kindle fire over all, but the Kindles definitely have issues with the charging ports. We have the older 7s and we have issues with getting the cords to charge them. As a parent, you are better off not having children plug them in. We still continue to purchase new one because of the reasonable pricing and due to all the amazon app purchases we have made through the years. Hopefully one day they will design a better charging port	iPhone
I bought the fire for my grandson and he loves it.	Wired Headphones
It is exactly what we wanted. Great product we love it Great service, quick and gave us exactly what we wanted.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good product for the price - my granddaughter loved it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Brought it for my mom and she loves it . It is easy to use and it works great!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Picked one of these Fire tablets up today for the crazy price of $39.99. I didn't really need it, but the extra $10. of was just too tempting. Charged it up, connected to WiFi and all was good to go. Played around with it for a couple of hours and it worked perfectly. Video and sound were good, speed was nice, and I am really impressed with the price. My wife's Kindle paperwhite case cost as much as this full feature tablet. Time will tell about longevity, but first impression is, this is a great little tablet..	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this tablet for my wife and she loves it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a fine tablet for $49. A bit heavy and not the most advanced piece of technology but for $49 it isn't bad.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's great for doing anything on Amazon. However you cannot use Google cards to purchase anything with. They're great for reading books surfing the net games, are abundance and the processor is fast so you really don't have a lag	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought these for Christmas, and it was the hit of the gifts! The kids and adults loved them. The adults appreciated the ability to monitor the fires, liked to use them also.	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet as a secondary one and I'm happy with the ease of use and fairly quick internet usage. You can't beat the price for what it gives you and it's also feels sturdy when holding it.	Wired Headphones
My granddaughter really loves it. She was so anxious to start using it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for my son thinking it would be a good beginner tablet. I was so wrong. I couldn't even get it set up for him to use it. Before you comment that it may be the user, I have set up every electronic device I have purchased for myself or my children (compters, cell phones, lap tops, game systems) This tablet would not connect to wifi. I even took it across town thinking it could try that but still nothing. Maybe it was defaulty equipment. I sat right beside him and had perfect wifi. My other son sat right beside him had perfect Wifi.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"This Kindle7"" reader is light weight for carrying around."	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet and have been pleasantly surprised how simple it is to use. Very user friendly and have not one complaint!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got it for my mom, That's all I have to saythanks	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great little tablet for kids. Fast and easy to use.	Wired Headphones
I would recommend this tablet to everyone that wants a tablet. It is real easy to play games, Facebook and google.	USB-C Charging Cable
This device would be the best possible tablet for the money if it had Google Play. However Amazon chose to block access to it. This took their well made tablet with a beautiful screen and great performance from an amazing value to a waste of money. This is my last amazon branded product.If you use a lot of apps or want specific apps shop for another device.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love my tablet, it is now my best of best friend!!!	Vareebadd Phone
gave my dad my kindle two years ago and at xmas time i loved the price and upgrades of camara and sd card	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great table for an amazing price! It's perfect for reading books, playing games, checking email, etc. I would definitely reccomend this!	Wired Headphones
I got this on black friday for unbelievable price of $32. It doesn't have much space internally but with a sdhc card you can add up over 100 gigs.Amazon has its own browser and it was very easy to set up. If you want a decent tablet , that you don't expect too much from then this is it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for the price. It comes with amazon app store and has plenty of apps and selections. Don't miss this deal!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The price was good, and while it worked, the tablet was decent, but about a week later the screen began to turn all white. I performed a factory reset, as the screen was barely visible but that did nothing. Heard it was a common problem with these. Won't be buying again, but if the issues are fixed in other models I would look at those.	Wired Headphones
The Amazon Fire 7 inch turned out to be a good deal. The screen resolution is better than I thought. The battery is very good.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's like having the world in the palm of your hand it really is .it does everything you need it to do AND fits in your pockets AND when you hold it the balance is so perfect it's like holding a baby. I highly recommend for the times when your lap top is just too much	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this as a gift for my 7 year old niece and she loves it! It's entertaining and easy enough for her to navigate through!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the money. Good way to see if you prefer a tablet or a laptop without spending a bunch of money to find out. Works good to stream movies or surf the web.	iPhone
This is a good product for the price. It does do the basic things right. It however would need a bunch of features to be added to make it a great product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my niece. She loves it! I am happy she is enjoying it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased 6 of these tables for Christmas presents and was extremely surprised with how well they work for the price. The Amazon environment takes a little getting used to but the functionality of the tablet is great for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this one as a Christmas gift. Employee was very excited to receive and still loves the tablet.	Flatscreen TV
I purchased this as a gift for a child. After I read tons of reviews and asked my nephew how he liked his... It was GREAT for the price i just wish amazon would allow you to sync your google play.Other than that great product and great experience at best buy :)	Wired Headphones
This is a great kindle for the price. Smaller travel size with enough power for general use. Does seem slower than other tablets but for a backup or travel companion, you can't beat it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
One has to keep the price of this in mind. For just $40 you do indeed get a lot. It performs fairly well too for the most part. I didn't notice any lags or anything but the resolution isn't very high/good and it's not the best display if you plan on doing lots of reading. It's just fine for videos though.. The tablet has an overall cheap feel to it but then again have to keep the low price in mind.	27in FHD Monitor
Great price only not enough memory I bought an extra memory card and my wife was very pleased. It was a very good birthday present!	27in FHD Monitor
Perfect size and features for my 9 year old daughter..fire is made well..she loves it to read and to play games on	iPhone
I like to read before sleep to help me wind down from busy days, I love being able to quickly download books and take them with me wherever I go also. I use this Kindle to play games sometimes also, but it's a bit slow for that at times. Perfect eReader though, and a great price!	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the price, the only problem I have had is getting it linked to Mr printer.	USB-C Charging Cable
I heard about the Kindle from a friend . So when the BB clerk told me about the Kindle Fire, I decided to buy one. I am very happy that I did. Now whenever something comes up on TV that I don't understand, my Kindle Fire finds the info very quickly.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's actually pretty nice. I bought 2 of them for the kids to keep them quiet around the house or while driving in the car. They've downloaded all sorts of games, and watch movies when they have Wi-FI. Getting started at the beginning was a little tricky setting up a new account, but after that. Everything works just fine. No complaints. I would recommend this product for the little ones for road trips.	Vareebadd Phone
I can't stop using it. It's all you ever need in a tablet, Netflix,Youtube,Facebook,Games,Music,Movies and much much more!!! Great screen resolution and all for an affordable price!!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Good fit / feel in your hand when using this device.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Let's be honest, I didn't think I would be really satisfied with a $50 tablet. But I thought this would be good enough for web browsing, email and the occasional YouTube or Netflix video so I bought it. This tablet has exceeded all of my expectations. This Kindle Fire is better than the one I paid $200 for a couple of years ago (and comparable performance to my iPad3). It is more responsive and has an expandable microSD slot for more memory. The only detractors are the weak speaker, the cameras (only adequate for Skype, not for taking pictures, and the placement of the volume buttons (on top...would have preferred side buttons like almost every other smart device). However, I liked this so much that I'm going to get another one for my teenage daughter!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It doesn't work good and it is very slow and that ability is not a good working tablet I would not recommend it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good tablet at a great price. Love it!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
excellent for children school without breaking the bank	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Don't like the fact you have to have Amazon prime to use it	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love it because my grandson can use itEasily to play his games	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent low cost table. Fair for the price!!!!!!!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Purchases this 7 inch tablet almost three weeks ago and have been very happy about it. It's perfect for reading. Web browsing and watching Amazon prime videos.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very happy with purchase. Would recommend to family and friends.	27in FHD Monitor
Kids love this to access Facebook and all their games, it's very easy to set up and use	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought an Amazon Fire tablet for $50 and it's been able to handle anything I throw at it. I even run Kodi and other apps on it. I have a Bluetooth keyboard with word processing app, and even an external mouse for it. Finally, it runs emulators too. Love my fire tablet. It's the best $50 I ever spent.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for my kids or beginners.Highly recommend for all ages	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love it!! I can carry it and use it anywhere! I've already purchased 4more as gifts! My family really enjoyed getting them!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I've bought 2 of these tablets now for my kids, they're a great value for its low price. Great screen quality, everything you need in a tablet and good size. Very happy with them.	Wired Headphones
This a good tablet. How ever I made it better by putting cyanogen mod on this to use the full android operating system	Google Phone
It was a great purchase. I purchased 2 within one month.	ThinkPad Laptop
I had a kindle for years. It finally would not keep a charge. I like the smaller Kindle for my books so it is easy to hold in bed at nite. This is perfect.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Brought it for my husband and he absolutely loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this to carry around because it was cheap so if it was stolen, lost or broken it would be no big loss. Started playing with it and this is a VERY functional tablet. While it's not my iPad Pro it is a great little entertainer, reading books, listening to books, searching the web, Facebook, twitter and it's small and keeps you connected.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have an I-Pad and the Fire. For the price, you can't beat the Fire. Does what the I-Pad does and was a fraction of the cost.	LG Dryer
I love my new Kindle! Very easy to use and a great price!!! I take it everywhere!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought this tablet to keep my ipad home during a trip overseas. I'm amazed with the performance of this tablet. It is fast, the screen is crisp and it provides pretty much everything I need. Cameras and speaker are low quality but not a deal breaker for me. I don't take pics with my ipad and usually use headphones. Free games from Amazon underground, free Amazon cloud for three months a the peace of mind it gave me; made this purchase a great decision. It also,makes a great reader. Love this little gadget.."	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought 2 for birthday gifts for grandkids!!! Reasonable priced and they work great!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like to play games and check e-mail and the cost was great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I own several iPads but wanted to try one of these as I am an Amazon Prime member. These are a STEAL and what a value. The fact that you can insert a micro SD card to expand storage is a huge plus and I have been very pleased with the availability of APPs. I will be taking my this to Europe and have been able to download a bunch of movies for the trip from my Amazon Prime membership. I purchased at Best Buy with a gift card and now use it more than my iPad.	Wired Headphones
its good product but it has a big problem , the battery is the big issue for this device.	Flatscreen TV
Simple, everything works no problems. We bought for my mother in law . She loves it.	LG Dryer
this is a fun & valuable tablet.we(three of us ) all enjoy games & the reading stories.	Lightning Charging Cable
This a great tablet for the price. Compared to other tablets that are twice as expensive, this one is far better for the money.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The apps offered was as expected. I was surprised that it was heavier than I w pe red.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great tablet for the price well built and worth every penny	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great Tablet. Its Easy to use and it's kid friendly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablets for everyday use. My child watches his favorite YouTube videos on it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, not overpriced. You get what you pay for.	27in FHD Monitor
Got this tablet for $39 dollars. Perfect for travel and kids!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
my grandson loves it plays it all time loves the app. store	Apple Airpods Headphones
Wonderful graphics, it met all my expectations. The camera and the price were a great bonus.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So glad I decided to purchase this! I gave it as a gift and the person absolutely loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my little brother. He was used to Google's Android operating system. This tablet runs on Amazon's system, but is more user friendly. He loves this tablet and it was easy for him to learn.	USB-C Charging Cable
It works good for kids and wherever you need for and good size	Wired Headphones
Great price for a starter tablet. Easy to use and able to watch video and read books. Only downfall is poor external speaker if not using headphones.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I like to use my refrigerator it works like a champ and it freeze	Macbook Pro Laptop
This kindle was purchased for my mother. She took to the kindle with ease. She was able to navigate through the device without any problems. She is very happy with her kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not a bad tablet, BUT not an amazing tablet. It costs 50 dollars for a reason. It is a basic tablet, kind of like having a bigger iPhone 3, if you get the reference.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Amazon Fire Tablet: Catch up on your reading or browse the Web with this tablet, which offers access to Amazon Underground, so you can download apps and games and discover exciting new entertainment. Front and rear cameras let you capture memorable moments or chat with friends.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the size of it and it's easy to operate. I didn't like that I had to keep trying to put the same information in more than once to more from one screen to another when putting in my card information. I need to have wifi to look at the stuff I downloaded and I don't like that. But for the cost it's ok.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i love this tablet. but my only complaint is the battery life. it sucks.	Wired Headphones
I Love It Works Great.Tried To Purchase This Kindle Fire At Christmas Time It Was Sold Out. But I Keep Going Back To Best Buy And Finally They Were In Stock So I Bought One And Now I'm Happy......	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this for my parents. It is easy to operate.	Wired Headphones
Terrific product. I was pleasantly surprised. The fire exceeded my expectations. The cost was literally a fraction of an ipad, yet it has the same functionality. I liked it so much that I returned the next day and got another for my wife.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good basic tablet, but already have troubles. Amazon sent a new one.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my kindle fire. It does exactly what I need it to do and more	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second kindle fire I love the ease of use with the fire and all my books	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids love it but if you have ti many apps on the tablet it won't work until you free up some space	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my niece and nephews as a beginner tablet and turned out pretty well. Value buy.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The grandkids needed some research help for school. I researched and found that the Amazon tablet was the the best for any age. Best But was the best place to go for the best buy and price....	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This product is very easy and light to use. Love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
One of the best tablets other than android out there	Google Phone
I got 6 of them they didn't have google plus me no like	USB-C Charging Cable
A nice tablet for the money. I use the Fire as a secondary tablet to by iPad but I find I use it as much as the iPad. Great for traveling because of its size. I am happy with the purchase. I have found that it charges fine when using the cord/plug that comes with the unit but charges slow if you use a different cord/plug.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Performs as expected. An excellent value, especially for lose looking for a reasonably priced gift for techies...or for kids!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent product at a great price! Perfect for my little boy	Wired Headphones
I bought 2 of these as gifts for my nephews. They loved having their own tablets. Great price. Highly recommend!	Wired Headphones
I bought this to replace my Nook since it was such a great deal..it did not disappoint. Great graphics sharp fun games and free apps.	Wired Headphones
I purchased 2 Fire tablets for my foster children, and I must say , I love them! The Fire give parents so much control over what the kids can do it. The best feature is the curfew it has on it. You can set it for a time to come on and off, and more than anything, you can set it so, they will have to spend a certain amount of time on educational activity before it allows them to start watching videos or playing games, etc. I love it!	Vareebadd Phone
Great tablet with a lot of worth apps and everything for a low price.	Wired Headphones
This tablet has been great for my 8 yr old son. It has an expandable memory. Charges fast. Very durable!	Lightning Charging Cable
I have purchased several kindle fires over the years for kids and family members and am always very happy with the product. The new, lower price just makes them more appealing.	Flatscreen TV
I use it for audiobooks a lot of the time . It has a good clear sound. Very easy to download books from the library .The battery seems to last a reasonable amount of time.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for one of my granddaughters for her birthday (10 yr old) and she absolutely loves it. It has 'parental controls' which is important for her mom to keep her out of where she doesn't need to be, etc. For $50, I think it's a great buy, especially for a young child. I'm happy with the purchase.	iPhone
Not the most powerful tablet out there, but excellent for the price	Macbook Pro Laptop
Love it whould tell everyone to get one buy it you will have tons of hours to do things.	Wired Headphones
I have to say this tablet is perfect for my young kids and durable!	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy too use and a plus for wife to read books being a prime member	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this tablet for one reason and it has accomplished that perfectly. To stop my 8 year from nagging me everyday that he wants a tablet. I haven't had to hear those words once in two weeks after months of nagging me. Had I know I could get him a cheap one instead of an iPad I would have taken care of this a Long long time ago. 53 stars in my books.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is not even and introduction to tablets, it is a full tablet. It does not have mobile access but you can do everything through wifi. Once you download items they become available to you offline. You can even add a 128 Gb memory card so you never run out of offline things to enjoy.The family sharing feature is excellent, particularly the one that allows you to created children profile. Your kids are protected and learn and play based on your criteria.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet my daughter loves it, would definitely recommend it to a friend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire is a perfect tablet and reader. you can't beat the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This kindle is fast and affordable. I highly recommend it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my Mother. She loves it. She can play her games she likes and she can use kindle and audible all with just one device.	27in FHD Monitor
Really love it. Great display but not crazy about ads but still getting use to it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
very easy to work the only thing i dont like the cord does not plug in good its like it not the cord for it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Runs great, no complaints. Nice size screen, nice specs all around. Cant do any better for 50 bucks	Apple Airpods Headphones
Over all my kids love their tablets. I would've given 5 but the fact that it doesn't have a lock to the app store I took off 1	Wired Headphones
A very nice tablet for the price. It has everything the more expensive tablets offer. One thing is not so pleasant, the advertisement screen keeps popping up and I so far could not find a way of shutting this function down. However, overall I am satisfied.	Lightning Charging Cable
Can't beat price wish the cases would fit from last one screen smaller but for the price I think gret .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome tablet and what a great price!!!!! Would buy this tablet a million times over!!!!!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son really likes the kindle fire and it so easy for him to use	USB-C Charging Cable
good product for this price. I like my Amazon - Fire - 7 Tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased for my son for ease of use and design. Would recommend.	Wired Headphones
"Bought to replace a work issued IPad. Some differences I've noticed:+survives repeated drops off the loft to the floor, unlike ipad+small, lightweight, fits in my small purse or daybag+cheap price means I'm willing to travel with it, take it anywhere, leave it at work unlocked- I don;t worry about theft like with apple devices-more limited apps available than ipad, but most major apps are there (but not my favorite list making app)-silk browser forgets that tabs were closed and always reopens to whatever page you've been browsing lately (but might make for a good accidental parental watch/ control to see what the kids surfed last)-standby battery lasts several days, active use all day, but not like my ipad, where I could leave it on standby for weeks, shorter standby battery life for the FireI use mostly for web browsing, social media, and Kindle books. no other cons noted."	Lightning Charging Cable
good product for this price. I like my Amazon - Fire - 7 Tablet - 8GB - Black	Wired Headphones
I have one issue with this tablet. What headphones work with this tablet? I used a pair the first time to watch a movie and they worked fine. When trying to view a movie again none of the headphones are working on this tablet. I have tried multiple headsets with no success. Please Help!	Vareebadd Phone
I buy these often for trade show booth prizes. The customers are always excited about them, and they make great gifts!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
brought it as a gift for my uncle and its a decent tab for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it for 12 year old. Works great and he loves it. Very happy.	27in FHD Monitor
I love this tablet! It's easy to use and set up! I love reading books and magazines on the tablet! The apps are great and easy to use! This is an all around great device!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for my kids to use. Plenty of apps to choose, easy to set up and add parental controls. Cheap enough as well for what my kids use it for games and videos instead of spending 4 times as much on a different tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect for reading, easy to carry, why spend more	Lightning Charging Cable
this is the perfect table to download books from Amazon....	ThinkPad Laptop
Great item for Great price. Functions as expected.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought two of these items. The first was for my mother in law. She is visually challenged and it was recommended by her doctor. The second I received as a fathers day gift. The first one had issues that required a return and replacement. It now works fine. Exchanged at Best Buy with no problem. The only problem I see is the limitation on available apps. But that is a minor issue at this point. For the money you can't beat it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have had my Fire for 5 years at least and love it. Bought this for my mother. Her IPad died. She is enjoying it. Her only issue is there is a game she can't download because it is on Google play.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love this Gadget it's pretty amazing for adults and children very useful	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I'm a little challenged when it comes to stuff like this , but it's many functions makes it fun to learn new things .	Google Phone
This tablet is great - the size is just right for carrying it in your purse or backpack. The clarity of the screen is very good. You can play games, access email, search the web, etc. Would recommend to a new purchaser.	Wired Headphones
"Not sure of quality. His first Kindle Fire would no longer charge properly. It was cheaper to get a new one rather than attempt to have the old one fixed. He has already had a problem with this one charging properly; however, I believe the problem might have been with the charging cord and not the tablet itself."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for everyday use! Price is right! Easy to setup & use!	iPhone
"Does everything you need for ""daily"" use. Easy to set up, easy to use, price is great!"	Google Phone
A decent tablet. Just wish the app store had some better apps to download.	USB-C Charging Cable
Fantastic price. Large amount of app to choose from. Good parental controls. Helpful technical support. Of course don't expect this tablet to not getting slow when multiple apps are running in the background.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this little tablet. My daughter loves free time app on it. She wants to play on the fire tablet more than her kids Samsung tab	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchase this tablet for my niece and I must say it's a best product in this range.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"A bargain; this tablet is very affordable and the picture quality is very good."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Can't beat the Fire tb at $50. Was able to root it in about 5min to get google apps installed and use it like an android tab. I mainly bought for reading to use the blue shade feature which is great. Only complaint is the processor is little lacking compared to phones with the same specs	Flatscreen TV
A very good price for the tablet. The sound volume is a little low. Needed someone with technical knowledge to help me set-up the tablet.	Flatscreen TV
I bought this Fire for my son for primarily reading. Definitely not as good as the antiglare ones. If I were buying again for that purpose I would upgrade to the ones specifically for reading. As a tablet, it is a little difficult to navigate. It seems very cluttered. Does the job though.	LG Dryer
We bought this tablet primarily to use the kindle reader. The layout is muddy and things are a bit hard to navigate. Once you figure it out, it isn't bad. Not an iPad, obviously, but definitely worth the low price.	Flatscreen TV
Great phones for my sons that are 13 and my 8 year old lives his kindle	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
this was great for my wife who just needed a basic tablet for web browsing and media consumption.	27in FHD Monitor
Tablet was purchased by our daughter with her own money. She worked her tail off for this tablet. She loves it and will be using for school and travel.	LG Dryer
Right size for travel. Perfect for reading. Everyone should own one.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet is great for reading and watching movies	27in FHD Monitor
The tablet has been great for reading and the picture is large enouph	Lightning Charging Cable
This product is great for children. Easy to use and very inexpensive. Allows for enough storage and very durable!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The fact that it has parental control so I can verify what they are downloading is great	Macbook Pro Laptop
Amazing tablet for the price i love it is really easy to use and light weight awesome speed	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my fire... The games and the pictures great	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for kids but the screen isn't as strong. Charging port is very poorly built	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great product easy to use. Having different color choices wonderful.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this tablet, great price and is really fast. Is worth every penny.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kids love it to death! Games and tv also learning its wonderful	ThinkPad Laptop
Much lighter than my last Kindle, I love it. Great value for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Wanted to buy a reliable and cost effective tablet. Was afraid the screen might be too small. Dad loved it. He is 70 and not too tech savvy but is able to browse the Internet, use Skype and listen to music. He is afraid he will purchase something by mistake and get a charge on his credit card. :)	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I recently bought this for my son who HP tablet died on him a month before I got him the Fire. Best thing I've done!! It didn't cost a lot and it's made solid with beautiful deep colors and smooth video playback. I'm seriously thinking of buying one for myself soon. If you are looking for a tablet to play games and watch movies this the perfect little travel mate for you.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchased this as a gift and the child loves it!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Last minute online purchase before taking my daughter on a trip. It was ready for pick up in an hour and kept her entertained the entire ride.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoy reading ebooks on this tablet as well as watching videos. It's just so handy to carry around in my purse.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent tablet for watching movies and TV. Get the extra memory SD card and you will be good to go.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My grand daughter wanted a tablet and this was a wonderful purchase for her birthday. The price was excellent and it does everything she was looking for and more. She never wants to put it down!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
very good just don't forget to ask for the none promo one	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased the two tablets for two of my three grand children, they are both very happy with the fire tablets and things have been very peaceful in my son's house since i gave them to the kids.	27in FHD Monitor
Great for things I need it for and is easy to store and put in my purse	Macbook Pro Laptop
I went shopping on Black Friday just with plans to buy a GPS, then there was a display of the Amazon Fire tablets, people were grabbing them quickly, I grabbed four myself, I saved one for my wife and myself, two for presents. I use the tablet more than my laptop, this tablet is filled with games, an excellent camera, watch T.V. & Sports, reading Books, it comes with 8gb but it can handle up to 128gb.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for the price but make sure to purchase a separate SIM card, 8GB fills up fast.	Lightning Charging Cable
Can't beat this lil tablet on value.Purchsed on black Friday so we got a great deal.Good battery life and the user experience is good too.I've had no problems with it and I am happy with my purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am upgrading from a gen. 1. I love that I can add a mini SD for more storage, also a lot easier to navigate. My son now has my old one for reading books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a gift for my stepdaughter. She seems to be happy with it	Google Phone
Love the kindle product have purchased several kindles and several types and this is another great product. this model doesnt have the auto dimming feature that i like on previous model but still a great kindle	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my toddler and teen they both love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Charge the device and was able to set up everything and when I came back to use it it would not work	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two for my grandchildren , 5-8 they both love them , easy to work .fast, and has excellent parental control feature .	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought it in thanksgiving.its very cheap and has got good features for that.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughters having fun with this tablet, great Christmas present.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got this for myself. The price on this is amazing for what you get. Yes I would of liked to get an iPad because I'm very used to Apple an I have a iPhone but the price difference between these it pretty much a no brainier for me.	Macbook Pro Laptop
We looked into tablets for three of our children for Christmas. There were three things we looked for: the ability to use it for books, games and videos and our ability to control the activity. The kindle fire gave us all those and more. I love that we can increase the storage when/ if we want to. I love that we can control play time. I was concerned because all of our kids were used to our iPad, but they have had no issues adjusting to the change. We are extremely happy with this purchase!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my tablet so far! It does everything I need it to. Movies, music, games, and books. I love it for streaming movies. The video quality is fantastic. Reading is also super easy and I don't get headaches from the screen. Definitely happy. Bought my hubby one too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my mother for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. Originally I thought of the idea for her to read on so she could make the font larger, but now she is using it for so many other things. She is a happy mom	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this tablet foe my 8 years old son and he love it.	20in Monitor
I was looking for something new to use to read with and this was a good choice. Easy to navigate, multi functional and great color!	Wired Headphones
nice pickup for my wife who is just learing to use a tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
I have used tablets before that cost a lot more money. For the price this tablet is a bargain.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love using it to read and surf the internet. It is also very handy.	27in FHD Monitor
Got this for my eight year old son. But wanted to keep it for myself after testing it out. Good graphics, camera front and rear. Camera resolution as good as could be expected for 50 bucks. Access to play store apps a plus. All in all good 50 bucks spent.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Lots of apps for kids. My 5yr old loves it. Great buy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Already lost the cord. It should be longer so u don't forget it. Especially on vacation.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased two of these for my kids since they both wanted tablets for Christmas. We liked that they could use it like their own but we had total control of what the used and viewed. It is a lot faster than the older Kindle. It is pretty durable as well.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This product is great for kids! Not so expensive or fragile that you have to be super careful with it but great for the basics!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Internet sucks on this thing. They need to do something better. My phone is 3x faster.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet as a gift for my mother-in-law, who is not very tech-savvy. She already owns a laptop, but was interested in getting a tablet to use while watching TV, rather than a whole laptop. She also travels around quite a bit, so having something light she could take with her was a big plus. I've owned a couple Amazon tablets before, so I had an idea of how they worked, and I wanted something at a low price point, so I decided on this. So far, she loves it! A couple of important points:-The low price point comes at the cost of hardware. After using my Fire HDX, this tablet felt just a little slow, but not excessively so. It performed better in basic tasks (loading apps, web browsing, etc) than I expected based on my experiences with other tablets at similar price points.-As an Amazon tablet, this runs a modified version of Android, but does NOT have baked-in access to Google services (including the Google Play Store). You will be restricted to Amazon-approved apps, unless you sideload apps on your own, or are able to get access to Google services yourself. Popular apps like Netflix, Skype, and Facebook are all present, but the selection pales in comparison to native Android.	Wired Headphones
My daughter can never put her fire tablet down she really loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this for my stepdaughter. well her dad and I are no longer together we divorced 2 yrs ago. Both her parents could not purchase this for her. So Merry Christmas little one. She loves it . Easy to learn great for pictures	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I picked up 2 of these for my girls (ages 5 and7). They are constantly on them to play games and watch movies. At $50 each, these are great alternatives to an IPad. Also, there is no angst if they are lost or broken.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Can not beat the quality of the product for the cost.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My Grandson loves this tablet. With all of the Apps, and the Games also!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I totally love the Kindle Fire tablets purchased for my grandkids. My sister purchased one in our hometown for my mother. She is equally happy. My granddaughter and grandson spend their wind down time in the evening on the tablets playing their favorite games. In addition, they want a dog and conduct research for the type of dog that the would like. Overall, the tablets are easy to use and provides technology for them when they visit every other weekend. I am pleased.	Wired Headphones
I was able to get this for a great price an my son is able to read books and of course play games. Great price and purchase!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I wish I purchased the warranty, this kindle is glitchy and pixelly (if that's even a term) and also freezes	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased this tablet for a 9 yr old and it's perfect. Easy to use and very durable. He is very happy.	27in FHD Monitor
Nice budget tablet fast and does the job. For the price is a nice tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great selection of apps, books, overall everything, daughter loves it!	iPhone
My granddaughter loves her Kindle Fire tablet. Easy to use and am purchasing one for my husband.	iPhone
Nice tablets to take on the go!!! Also great for reading books.	Google Phone
It is not as easy to use as my iPad. There is no Retina display , which I got used with my Apple gadgets	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product. Purchased for my wife to replace her fire hd. She loves the screen and the fact that it fits in her pocketbook.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought one for my daughter, so I decided to buy one for me the tablet is very user friendly.	Wired Headphones
This is just a basic kindle fire for my 7 yr old child. It works fine for her. It obviously doesn't have comparable picture quality when compared to the HDX versions, but it still has the same functions. It does have a rear and forward facing camera, making it easy to take pictures of the dog. There are lots of safety features and apps for kids also.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this kindle! My old one lasted about two years before it died so hopefully this one will hang in a little longer because I use it all the time.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Can't beat the price and features on this tablet. All the features are competitive even with Amazon's proprietary operating system and appstore. Most common Google play apps are available, but if they're not, chances are there is something analogous. Navigation can be a little cumbersome as it isn't as customizable as some might like, but bottom line is, it's a pretty full feature tablet for fifty bucks.	Wired Headphones
I bought for the wife, she's still using her old one. don't know why	AA Batteries (4-pack)
You can't go wrong either with Kindle or with the price. Very good buy.	USB-C Charging Cable
He loves the games, that he can down loaded boos, music and videos.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good tablet for basic functions. It was smaller than I expected. We had a Fire when they first came out and I was thinking it would be the same size. The screen size is very small, but I guess that is why it was $49 instead of more expensive. It is good for reading, basic games and kids. But if you want to surf the web, it is really hard to see more than the top few inches of the webpage. It is great with the 8G, but would like a bigger screen for that price! :)	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet for my dad for Christmas and he loved it! I had to show him how to use it (of course), but now he has the hang of it!! Great buy!	Google Phone
Love it ,great product for a great price. Will be getting another one	Wired Headphones
Good product, needs a few more things added on but works very well	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought 2 for my 4 and 5 year old and thet love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet. Love reading my books, playing puzzles, and going on basic social apps.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The Amazon fire 8 is by far one of the easiest tablets to navigate through all the Apps and with PRIME membership it's truly a very easy and good sturdy design.	iPhone
Purchased as a gift for 6yr old boy. He can now play all the games he wants without having to share with big brothers!!	27in FHD Monitor
Pro -Inexpensive, compact device.Con - lack of protective covers	Wired Headphones
"I purchased this because I wasn't sure how a tablet would work for me, and wanted to buy an inexpensive ""starter."" I was quickly sold on the convenience and ease of use. The ads are a minor issue - they go away with the swipe of a finger! I'm able to watch tv and movies, access the internet via Wi-Fi, play games, and send email with ease. (Be aware - this tablet does come with a 30-day trial of Amazon Prime, and if you don't cancel before the end of that trial, it automatically enrolls you.)"	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife gave this to me for Christmas and one for my daughter. For the money, I thought it wouldn't be worth it, but I was wrong. It is really way more powerful than I thought. I can do Word and Excel, PowerPoint, pdf's, work email, surf the Internet, movies, books, games...pretty much everything I thought I needed to spend 10X the money to get. I'm very surprised and happy with it. Only two I would change: a better picture and stop the ads on waking. This is a great value.	Google Phone
Great price for the device. Many options, easy to use!	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet for my son to use after realizing he took mine over almost completely. He has no problems navigating from game to game. Excellent speed and love the HD screen.	USB-C Charging Cable
Works very well. Was able to get it to work with my tablet and all our Samsung phones. Easy to setup family app's with Amazon prime.	Vareebadd Phone
Smooth and quick operarion. Ap store for Amazon could be better, but pretty good value for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A great entry level tablet, all other tablets at that price don't stack up.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet for games,adds and imails. Also good size	Apple Airpods Headphones
My high school aged daughter just wanted a small tablet to watch Netflix and read books. This tablet is the perfect fit and I don't have to worry about her carrying around her expense iPad to school. I'm thinking about getting one for Grandma too.	ThinkPad Laptop
My children love this tablet. It's fun and easy for them to use!	Wired Headphones
Tablet gets the job done and is very affordable for those who cannot buy an iPad but it is laggy at times and overall cannot stand with an iPad.	27in FHD Monitor
This fire tablet has handled all of the facebook games I play without skipping or tieing up.I'm very impressed.	Wired Headphones
Bought this as a gift for my niece but I use it every now and then. She loves it, gives her ebook, music, videos, games etc... All in one through Amazon without having to get any external apps, most already built in. I like it as well except not so much the platform and navigating around it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This item is a great product. Let's me use it for different things.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like it alot it has the basics that my children needed and even my husband loves it so we will be coming back for a few more :)....	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my grandchildren,easy for them to use, Great downloads for kids,they love the easy to use camera.Great prices.The book downloads for them to read.I highly recommend this product,for anyone who has children!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it!!! One thing I dont like is the charger doesnt stay in well. Its ok because I just rig it up and leave it on the charger over night. Only other complaint would be she can't download same games as her brothers tablet. Other than that absolutely great buy for $49.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Practical and easy to use. Does what it needs to for the price	Product
I never had a legitimate reason for owning a tablet. I prefer watching shows and movies on my TV and I prefer reading actual books as opposed to a tablet. However, when I learned that Best Buy was selling this Amazon tablet for $34.99 on Black Friday, I knew that I had to get my hands on one. Even with the aforementioned reasons for not getting one, I couldn't argue with that price. I think it's a great starter tablet. It may not have the largest screen or HD quality but then again I don't need all of that. The quality and size of the screen are perfect for that price. 8GB may not be a lot of memory but there is also an option to get more storage via a memory card. I very much satisfied and recommend this tablet to anybody, especially those who are curious about tablets and haven't purchased on yet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Okay new look is less appealing but seems to work okay	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I used it as a gift in an office holiday secret Santa	27in FHD Monitor
The tablet is a great value and resource for our 3 kids!	Wired Headphones
This product was a great one, and the tablet does everything I wanted it to. Some of the websites I go to don't open but other than that it is great I love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased as a gift for a five year old, and he loves it. He has downloaded several educational games, and he loves it. Very easy to use, and has a great battery life. The price is great, and the tablet is great for the amount you pay.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet for my 5 year old boy. It was inexpensive at $35 on black Friday. I particuly prefer it because, with my Amazon prime account, I can download videos to it. Amazon only let's Amazon products download videos. It was great when we traveled at Christmas. No more dvds and player needed!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet to read books online and I love it the screen is nice.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to use. Does it all. Faster than my other tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
First tablet , got it for my wife, she found it very easy to use and loves it.. She is not not computer savvy, but has no problem navigating what she uses her tablet for	Wired Headphones
I would purchase again. Great product for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Just the right size for e-mail, games, and surfing. Fits in most purses or backpacks. Love it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought for kids. Happy with purchase.May get one for myself	Macbook Pro Laptop
I appreciate the ease of use and the flexibility of the FIRE. Also its portability.	USB-C Charging Cable
It doesnt get any better than this for a travel tablet, or for kids. The size is perfect and function is seemless with prime. Excellent product.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a great tablet, just the right size. I wish the cord was longer, but it was still really good. It stays charged for the right amount of time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price you can't beat it. Camera isn't the best as for zooming in but it takes good picture's. I also long the storage expansion	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very nice size. Now only 50$. There's no Google play store so can't use Google Chrome cast to watch movies on tv. A tablet Without a Google play store is a disadvantage.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought it for young granddaughter for Christmas. Husband liked it and bought himself one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Fabulous little tablet for the money. Light and zippy. A few limitations on available apps and external hardware but if you just want something to access email, read a book or stream video this is the way to go.I needed this as an early December birthday present for an older lady whose old tablet had quit working. She loves it.Also Best Buy came through when Amazon was already out of their own product before it was even December.	Google Phone
If you're watching TV and playing games this is for you. Don't waste money on a iPad. This is great for reading too. Bought for a fireman spending long hours at the firehouse.	iPhone
it was to be a gift but not really liking it for myself but it's ok	20in Monitor
This is my first kindle, and I am using it to read, play a few games, although not really a gamer. Over all I am really liking this kindle. Great deal too.	Flatscreen TV
The family loves it use it every day can't beat the price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's okay for a beginner tablet to me. Not enough apps for purchase. I like the play store better.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a gift for my niece, she loves it very much!	iPhone
My mom's not to tech savvy but this opened her world and made every day things she does on her computer at her finger tips while comfortably sitting in her living room or on road trips! About road trips she can book a room just sitting in her car that might of unavailable once she got Inside. I have seen this happen. Smart phones are great but when you get older to have a full screen makes it much easier! She loves also loves to read and there are so many books on Amazon she no longer has to run out the door to the book store or library Very helpful and fun when she can sit down and enjoy a card game with multiple players all over the world when no one is home!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This Fire is a bit smaller than my Kindle Fire from a few years back. I still seems to have all the features and is 1/2 the price.	Wired Headphones
Delivered a crisp display but had trouble with the keyboard size, using a stylus helped!	USB-C Charging Cable
This great for the money but it won't let you use Spotify??	Apple Airpods Headphones
my gesr fit heart monitor was not compatible with android level	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Pros:CheapFunctions wellUsually pretty fastCons:Wifi signal isn't as strong as more expensive tabletsScreen pales in comparison to other Kindle'sFrequent burn-inIf you're looking for a cheap tablet that works, this does that. If you're looking for a top quality product at a bargain bin price, this isn't that.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Can do everything the regular kindles can do, but in full color. My Wife loves it and is always reading magazines and watching movies.	ThinkPad Laptop
The tablet is not top of the line, but for using it for games, reading, watching movies, it works great. A lot of inexpensive tablets are junk but Amazon has put out a reliable product. I would recommend also getting a micro sd card.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
He loves it.. Internet faster and has a lot of space I would recommend price great!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought it for my son-in-law. He loves it! He wanted it as another device instead of his iPhone. This way he won't be disturbed by emails when using it. It was a great price too!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It was the perfect Christmas present. Made everyone smile	ThinkPad Laptop
From what I can tell my kids love these. I do wish there was an option to keep it on the kids profile though	iPhone
the tablet a 7inch starter tablet is very durable excellent tablet for kidsvery tough good processing speed.	iPhone
Amazon fire is cheap and best for reading and playing games. I bought this to gift someone and it was liked very much	ThinkPad Laptop
So far I have had no issues with my tablet, although I admit I have not fully used all its capabilities.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my wife for Mother's Day. She loves reading but with the little ones in the house books were hard to keep. We are both very pleased with this as I can use it for a few books too. The picture and color on this thing is pretty darn good. I'm pleased with the sound as well. Overall this price is too good to pass up if you want a color screen reading tablet, this is a solid choice.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this product for my 2 year granddaughter to play games on. I am currently checking into purchasing the monthly $5 kids mode for her as it now has many pop ups.	27in FHD Monitor
My kids love these tablets, they can use these tablets for school and leisure. I can manage how much time they have to use their devices and can add additional accounts to each tablet and control each account separately. This was a great buy!	LG Dryer
I bought 6 of them. They made very good christmas gifts..	Lightning Charging Cable
Inexpensive and light-weight. Very nice. Brightness for reading is appropriate.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is the perfect portable size for me.It's connectivity with other devices is great and i can use it for a lot of fun disractions during my free time	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I managed to make 4 kids very happy this Christmas with each getting their very own tablet! Great for gaming, emailing, streaming music & videos!	ThinkPad Laptop
I love everything about this tablet. The look, feel, speed, and ease of use are perfect for my 8 year old. I bought several of these at Christmas time.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price, it's the best tablet you're going to find. It's pretty quick (though not as quick as the more expensive models) and holds a ton of books and a decent amount of movies. Display is nice (again, not as nice as the more expensive Kindle Fires). But it is totally worth what I paid for it.	27in FHD Monitor
"I bought the Amazon Fire 7"" Tablet while walking around and saw the price 34.99 at the time. got home and set it up immediately and added the Play store app by Google ( a bit tricky ) the device is nice to hold , battery is above average and the screen is nice to look at. my kids started using it and after that , I couldn't even get a turn to play with it. it's a great device for the $$ , even at regular price of 50 dollars, it still is a good purchase. my only ""concern"" about it is that I wish it had another 1 gig of ram , totalling 2 instead of just 1 gb ram. enjoy :)"	Wired Headphones
As a tablet compared to others regardless of price I'd score it above average but the other tablets in comparrison cost $100+ more. This is the best buy for your money...hands down as long as you have amazon prime (which is awesome on its own).	Wired Headphones
We have books and learning apps on it he loves it. I think that it's all around good tablet for kids or adults	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased two tablets for Christmas gifts and they were great!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a great tablet. Its easy to use and connect to wifis.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy setup. Compact. For reading, I still prefer my basic Kindle Reader, but the apps are nice to have when I want to do some extra things on the Fire.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got it as an Xmas present for the brother in law. He loves it. Easy to read and play with	Wired Headphones
Great deal for the cost. Would purchase item again.	Google Phone
The Kindle Fire was extremely easy to set up. It is user friendly and its size is great. It fits in my purse so I can have it with me when I need it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a great product for my son and I love bestbuy	Lightning Charging Cable
Great quality and easy to use! Can't beat the price either. We bought two of these and a little over a month ago and they operate very smoothly. We use them for streaming shows, movies, playing games and surfing the net. I have nothing negative to say about this product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nit sure was s gift not sure what the product is like	iPhone
Good purchase for a 10 year old to encourage reading.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is a great tablet for the price! Purchased for my 10 year old son. He uses to play games, watch movies, read books - pretty much anything. Picture is good too.	Wired Headphones
Perfect for my 8 year old nephew. He absolutely loves it and uses it everyday!	Lightning Charging Cable
Love this tablet I got it for my two toddler sons and they love it as well	iPhone
This tablet is great and my 4 year old son can run it easily. I had to reset it when I first recieved it bit after that worked great. He plays lots of games and uses the audio books. The battery life is good as well and charges fast	USB-C Charging Cable
It is running smooth and is a good tablet at a very low price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my 84 year old father-in-law. It was easy to setup to his WiFi and very easy to use. He loves it and now has a Facebook page.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have all bought all three of my girls Kindles and they have all been happy.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet has proven to be a great durable device for the grand kids. Using them for games and books for school work.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I just would like to say I brought this tablet for my 11 year old. And she has had it in her hand ever since. Great buy	Google Phone
We got this tablet for our grandson. The ease of operation is definitely thumbs up.	USB-C Charging Cable
I like that I can sync my email and now, actually use the Prime streaming video service. Yes, I know I could use the app on my Ipad, but like I said, I like it all packaged neatly here.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got two of these for my father and mother in laws for Christmas and they absolutely love them. Easy to use and great first tablet.	Wired Headphones
For the cheaper price I really liked this tablet. We bought 2	20in Monitor
This is a great tablet. It is reasonably priced and has great quality.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I was looking for a good tablet, to use for movies, music. And to browse internet And when i saw that this tablet was on sale I had to buy it! and I'm glad I did. This is a great tablet and it""s light i carry in my purse. I Love it!"	Lightning Charging Cable
Social media, ereader(kindle) wade ease of use easy setup nice parental controls good tablet for the kids	Wired Headphones
You cant go wrong with this for either your kids or a adult.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is convenient, great size and efficient easy to use	20in Monitor
This is a great tablet for the money. Able to do everything a higher priced tablet does	20in Monitor
I bought this product for my nephew for Christmas. I was very impressed with how cheap it was price wise. He took it out of the box to use and it was very user friendly when it was set up. He enjoyed being able to download his games and how easy it was to use altogether. Thank you Best Buy and Amazon for making it the best Christmas ever	Lightning Charging Cable
Good first tablet or back up to take with you without hazard to a better one.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love it because it is thin and light weight and bigger	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A greatest Gift to me. Wow ! It is a masterr piece.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
These amazon kindle started off great and are only getting better. I really enjoy all the new features the new ones have.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Use it for reading my online textbook for class. Easy to read on and like how light and compact it is. Battery life so far has been great but I have only had it close to a month.	Lightning Charging Cable
The kiddos love this tablet! I bought a different brand last year and it lasted less than 2 months. This is still going strong at 5+ months.	Vareebadd Phone
Wanted something not expensive but rather easy to use to watch children shows great choice	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for kids or a stater tablet for someone.	27in FHD Monitor
My second Kindle and I was really glad to see that I didn't lose all my photos and books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm surprised how great this tablet is because of how affordable it was. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because how to navigate it is a little confusing, other than that, love it.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet has been great so far. We use it a good bit in the car as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great starter tablet, but let's face it... It's a Kindle at heart. Still, it's pretty awesome for a Kindle!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
The up grades where a very nice choice and better.	Wired Headphones
Love it. Got it for my grandson. Since i have amazon prime. He can watch alot of free movies and games	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Good beginner tablet for older person who likes surf Internet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this kindle for my 6yr old so he would stop using his sisters KindleHD. It wasn't a planned buy but who could beat $49.99!!! Added this from 'Santa' to the gifts for Christmas.	Lightning Charging Cable
works great for kids bought three for Christmas no complaints	iPhone
Purchased many of these for Christmas for my nieces and nephews. They were and are still soo excited !	iPhone
Great price for the kids to keep them entertain.i love the price for this item , it didn't break the bank. I would recommend this to everyone.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great product for the dollar. Recommend this item to others.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the size and screen. Wish there was a chrome app for Kindle, but great for casual surfing. Great for ebooks.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I gave this as a gift and so I heard it has been working very well	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have purchased several tablets under 100 dollars and this is by far the best quality. The picture is much better then the other tablets. I gave it a 4 only because I still like my samsung tablet better.	Wired Headphones
This is a very good product. But if purchased this product won't use Google play stuff!	ThinkPad Laptop
My parents love their new Kindle Fire HD's!!!!!!!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice tablet with good speed and nice assortment of features, Good for kids with less than a need for a laptop.	Lightning Charging Cable
We got both our boys ages 7 and 9 one for Christmas they both picked up how to use it quickly. They both love them and couldn't be happier. Great alternative to a laptop for children.	Wired Headphones
Ordered one of these for my son for Christmas. It worked for about 6 months and then wouldn't turn on. Tried several things found on the internet to correct it, nothing worked. Best Buy gave us a deal on a replacement as we were outside of the warranty. A great service from Best Buy.	iPhone
Bought this because a family member was reading on an iPhone and wanted a bigger screen. Works well and is a fun tablet for the price!	iPhone
This was a gift, actually bought 2 of these for the grandkids and they love them. Easy to set up and get going-they are solid and well made. Very pleased with this purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 3yr old grandson loves it. Will only be used for him	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to take on trips, hospital or beach. Clear and sharp display. I like that I can add extra space with a stick. The price was right too. I would recommend highly.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I was truly happy with the product, however, I also purchased 4 $20.00 gift cards each Tablet. Since I was not 100% sure as to what brand to purchase one of your sell staff advised me that I should purchase 4 Google Play gift cards, which I did. To my surprise, on Christmas morning, my grand children were not able to use them because (as your staff should have known) they are not compatible! I took them to the store to exchange them and I learned that not only that Best Buy would not exchange/refund them but that you don't carry the Amazon cards. You have just last a good customer when it comes to purchasing some items that I can purchase online at amazon or another store. I purchased an hp PC and a 12"" Apple IPad at another store just to make a point. I was and still are very disappointed with your sales staff, and your sells practices. I will recommend the tables to a friend but stay way from asking assistance when purchasing the right gift cards..."	ThinkPad Laptop
Had to return as the wifi was a little slow for my child's patience.	27in FHD Monitor
"I bought 5 of these and they are really easy to set up and my kids love them; might order one for myself. Bought them on Black Friday for $33/each...should have bought mine then."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 2 of these...my 7 year old twins love them. Amazon has a lot of free games that we have downloaded for them and they can watch amazon and netflix and i bought the kidproof cases.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son is very happy for this tablet that I gave him for Christmas	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought these for my nieces for Christmas because their older version Kindle Fires did not have a storage slot and they were complaining that they had to delete things off of them in order to use them. I keep getting huge ""thank yous"" from them every time I see them. They are so thrilled to have them and be able to use them without deleting anything."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a Xmas gift for my 5 yr old grandson. He really loves it. I think the charger could use a longer cord though. He plays PBS Kids games and it really burns the battery down quick.	Wired Headphones
I recommend you good product you can buy it at bestbuy in my favorite shop buy it now	LG Dryer
great handheld device for starters and easy to handle	Wired Headphones
My daycare love thsee tablets, they have a lot of fun games on it	Vareebadd Phone
Fast for the buck. I would give it a perfect 5 stars but the screen seems to have dead pixel after couple of use, but still great cheap for kids.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as a gift and my wife enjoys using this new kindle fire. we have had the original version of the kindle tablet and this new version works quicker and more efficiently. Happy with the kindle tablet!!	Flatscreen TV
I bought this as an early Christmas gift for my niece, and found it on sale for a great price. It was easy to set up, booted up quickly, and works perfectly for her. It's not high end by any means, but it is a great little tablet.	Flatscreen TV
I bought the tablet as a gift and I helped set it up. It's a pretty good product for the price. It will mostly be used to read books for which it works really well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I gave this as a christmas present, and they liked it.	Google Phone
It is not an iPad but for $40 it is a good tablet. Really good for reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
bought this tablet for a great price and would recomend it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this last year on Black Friday for a Christmas gift for my dad. He's an avid book reader, and this was something he's always wanted, but would never buy for himself.It's nothing fancy and complicated, but in addition to reading books, you can surf the web and download apps.A year later and he's still thanking us for it.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my son who is in college. He has most of his class books online and wanted this tablet to read his course books versus having to tote around his laptop all the time. He uses it almost exclusively and loves the small light option to carrying his laptop all the time.	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids love their new tablets and it was a great price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love it my kids love it nice to travel with nice pictures	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had to replace my last Kindle so I made a quick run to Best Buy. Got a great deal and purchased the replacement insurance. Kindle works fine. It is slow and needs to be restarted frequently. Pretty much the same as the last Kindle	USB-C Charging Cable
Unfortunately, the first time I plugged the Tablet in to charge it up, the battery overheated and shorted out the tablet. I returned it to Best Buy for a full refund with no hassles.	Vareebadd Phone
Its a great gift for my little one and he loves it	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this tablet for my daughter. It was very hard to figure out how to switch to the kids profile. She used it for maybe a day and when we went to charge it the cable just fell out and wouldn't actually charge.	27in FHD Monitor
My 12 year old loves it. She uses it to watch YouTube and stream music.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my son in Christmas and it was worth the price. Get the protective cover on Amazon. Great for kids and anyone who enjoys reading	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great value. Easy to use. Fun to use. Easy to set up.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought two...one for each kid for Christmas. Perfect for the kids. Download their shows and music. Keeps them off ours. Durable enough for them to use on their own.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought for grandson who loves it. Used for travel.	USB-C Charging Cable
it didn't work I had to return it after Christmas and buy something else, made for a wonderful Christmas mourning	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"I was unaware that it did not Have the Google Play Store or any formidable Stores to choose from! Amazon has to many App Stores it would seem. I get ""turned Around"" sorta Speak.... Due to the fact that i am unfamiliar with your Services. I am Learning Day to Day, I just Like to hit the Ground Running! But thank you for your time and Sharing these devices and making them readily Available to the General Public! Thank You, Johnny Young"	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for a great deal during Black Friday sale for my small children. I already have Amazon Prime so I get all their shows & movies streaming on the tablet. A great kids' babysitter for one-time cost of $33.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The best advice I can give after 3 devices and 2 years later	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great Christmas presents. Bought 8. Made my nieces, nephews and grandkids- ages two to twenty-very happy. Nice size and convenient.	Wired Headphones
If you'd like a small tablet that can do virtually all that a large one can do, this is the one. And the price is great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My first amazon tablet does not have any removable or expandable memory feature and when I saw that this product has one, I got so excited for this one. Very good display and easy to use for new users. First time tablet users will get a tutorial how to navigate the product so there is no hassle for beginners.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a christmas gift.. The person I bought it for had a different brand and had troubles with it, they have been extremely happy with the Fire tablet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love this tablet primarily for reading. It's inexpensive, portable, and light weight. It has great features, but it's on the slow side when browsing the web. Overall I'm super happy with my purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I enjoy using this basic but useful tablet. I have a standard smart phone, and I like using this Fire tablet at times to take advantage of the somewhat larger screen to read and review certain items. Photos and graphics appear clearly and with good color on the Fire tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is a great, all-in-one device. It does everything my husband (and my three children, and myself) need. This was the fifth Fire I've purchased in the last 3 years.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Fast and easy to use. Downloading apps is convenient.	Lightning Charging Cable
All my grand kids have one is the best entertainment for all my 7 grad kids, from 5 to 19 years old. I love this product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Pretty basic tablet. Lagging processor but it works.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Awesome experience...my friend Chris Fields works at BB...I went in for 1thing & with Chris there, I bought 4 items. Extremely helpful.. I'll shop more now coz he can answer any of my questions. I adore BB.	USB-C Charging Cable
Its a good product within this price range. Though the processing is not very fast but its ok for this price. For me, i bought it for my 2.5 year old son who just want to view video's and try out some basic stuff. So good to start for a beginner.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Highly Satisfied with the product. Great price and performance	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased several tablets for the children for gifts. Easy to use hang the kids love them. My only complaint is that the charger could be more durable	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was considering the HD version, but realized the specs weren't very different. A good tablet for the price paid.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this for my son for Christmas has been the biggest problem I have ever seen I would never give this to anyone again it's better being a paper weight	ThinkPad Laptop
Got his tablet for my 7 year old she so she could play apps and watche videos. Works great and to be able to add memory is a plus.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Slow, advertisement plagued. Save and spend money on something better.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 1 year old daughter for the learning games has a great variety of apps definitively recommend and cant beat the price only $50	Wired Headphones
Great color, great item, i bought it as a replacement for another brand, very happy with this purchase	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got for my wife's xmas. She loves it and uses it more than she thought she would. Small screen but good for kindle reading. Maybe worth the $15 for no ads, annoying	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I was looking for something small that was easy to take with us on the go for my daughter to use and play with. It is very easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
i bought this and i really enjoy using it. fits my needs.	20in Monitor
It's a great tablet for kids and great videos look great and colorful	27in FHD Monitor
It's no iPad but for the price it can't be beat. Mostly use as e reader and the screen is excellent and perfect size for on the go.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
GAVE THIS TO MY WIFE. IT SERVES IT'S PURPOSE GREAT PRICE.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tool for you and your family to be entertained	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This device has a nice front & back camera, screen	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's amazing and I will like to tell a friend and family	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Kindle is the best tablet on the market!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good enough for the price, I guess, but the touchscreen doesn't work in spots	27in FHD Monitor
good product for the price..Holds a decent charge and surfs the web just find..I have also steamed videos on this device with no issues.	USB-C Charging Cable
We purchased this tablet for our niece and it works fantastic!	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is perfect for a parent who wants to monitor what their children are doing. As well as being able to control what their kids can and can not do on the internet.	iPhone
This tablet is easy to use and it connects to my Wi-Fi easy as well.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my new Amazon Fire tablet. Its so easy to use and stays charged for a nice amount of time.	27in FHD Monitor
Great and simple. Not being able to change master search engine beyond 3 offered was the ONLY negative I've experienced.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a really great tablet me and my kids love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Bought the Fire as a way to have a cheap and easy device for my kid to play on when I want/need the iPad, and as a secondary e-reader. I have Amazon Prime, so adding this device to my account/Amazon ecosystem was incredibly easy. I find the ease of purchasing Amazon items both slick and kind of creepy--but I knew that was part of the deal, buying an Amazon device. I can tune it out when I need to, and parental controls are easy to manage. The device is quick/responsive; color, brightness, and resolution are all quite good for a $50 device. It doesn't do everything but it does a heck of a lot for 50 bucks."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
What a great price and very easy to use.Had a little trouble getting past my secured connection though.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet disappointed me from the beginning. I loved my previous Fire tablet. However, this new one disappointed me from get go. I do not want it to tell me what I like or want! I do not like ads that pop up, I do not want suggestions for me on books, movies or anything else. I know what I like! I definitely do not want it talking to me! In this day and age, with identity theft prevalent, I would like to be able to have apps without having to turn on features like location, etc.. All in all, I am ready to bust it up and throw it away!	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for myself & I just love it......very easy to work with, great features & great price...I would highly recommend this product!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is an excellent little tablet for the price. I am please with screen clarity and speed.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablet convenient and the price is very reasonable. It is used daily for emailing, browsing, and game play.	iPhone
Best purchase ever, such a small item that delivers big results.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my son. Some of his homework needs to be done online and the tablet worked perfectly for it. He could also use it at the zoo to take pictures and use it to play games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet I can read all the letters and words on so it is pretty good. I hate the ads on the lock screen the goverment doesnt need to know when I READ MY DIGITAL BOOKS>	Vareebadd Phone
I purchased this product for my 10yr old he uses it for everything. I'm a teacher I recommend this product for all ages excellent tool for school assignments as well .	Wired Headphones
This was my second one I have bought. These are not water proof	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet from a great company will stay with this company for all other tablet purchases	Apple Airpods Headphones
My sis will never be detached from her fire, she is truly hooked on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price for a great tablet. Perfect for the kids!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very convenient for a great low price. It does its job.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice little tablet. Touch sensitivity not as great as high end tablet but definitely worth the trade off in price.	Wired Headphones
Using the unit to play games and read. Good Enjoyed using	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's a nice tablet for the price. Very productive.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got tablet for my daughter, very happy with product features. Easy to navigate and my daughter loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased 2 Kindles for each of my girls. I can't seem to put them down. They keep up with my Samsung 10.1 Tablet. Great Price for the Tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's really cool. Who knew I would get such a cool thing in just 35 bucks? Impressive.	27in FHD Monitor
Great for a older kid,great price and descent quality	20in Monitor
Great tablet for the price. I got 2 for my kids and they love it	USB-C Charging Cable
I loved this kindle fire tablet. You can't beat the price. It's great for in the car and as a back up system. It's not as good as my kindle paper white, but like I said, great for a back up and it has other features that the paper white doesn't.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its awesome to be able to set certain features to ensure that the child user gets work done prior to free play.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the money just wish they would add Bluetooth.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very good value. Perfect for checking emails, watching videos and browsing the Internet . Only disappointment is the camera is not great quality but ok	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I got this for my niece for Christmas she is going to live it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet makes reading and watching video more enjoyable.	Wired Headphones
Whole family has there own and we all love them no matter what we want to do	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm giving it three stars because I haven't used it much, only to watch a few shows and movies.I've had it for aprox. a month and sometimes the screen goes blank, I have no idea why...is it the tablet?...or maybe the app?...clueless... I'm not making a big deal of it because I bought it on Black Friday (not that I have money to waste), but I don't think I'd buy it again.	Wired Headphones
Who could could pass up such a deal under $50.Full color H D viewing and easy to use. Read a book or watch TV or a movie. This is an all around fun piece of equipment.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet on a sale. I think it was $33. It is great for reading my books on or letting my kids play games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought these for my wife's room since she's a teacher. She needed tablets that were not too expensive, but would still work and not be frustrating. The only thing we couldn't get to work was the time limiter on them. Overall, great purchase for her class room.	27in FHD Monitor
Great product for the price. I got it for my kids during thanksgiving and they love it	iPhone
I purchased this as a gift, the kids can't get enough of it. They now enjoy reading more.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son wanted this on Black Friday and it was the best purchase! I love that there is a kid mode just for him. I wish I had bought one for myself!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It is too narrow, if watching a vid or utube, some of the pic is cut off. Can't erase the entire history. It keeps it and then recommends still based on your history, even tho you have cleared it. Amazon selling ALL the time is very tiresome. I never go to an ad that follows me from site to site yet it's ubiquitous. Tiresome. Had the fire 8.9 hdx. It was Perfect and they discontinued it for this line. It is a fingerprint magnet! Have to clean it daily.	iPhone
The Fire HD Tablet is portable and very easy to use. It can be held in one hand. The device holds multiple software application options and provides a fantastic blue screen mode at night while reading. I bought three more units when the price dropped to $33 each. The screen is only slightly pixelated compared to other models due to its price point. I would recommend to others.	USB-C Charging Cable
Really enjoyed purchasing thus product for little ones	Wired Headphones
Best tablet for kids will buy again. Purchased about 5 already,good for whole family	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really like the kindle fire and would recommed it to anyone that is looking for tablet	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love this tablet. It does everything you want it to. And for a great price!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet but very limited in apps, only to basic surfing	Apple Airpods Headphones
Does the job. Kids are kinda of rough with its holding up well	Wired Headphones
BOUGHT FOR MY KIDS!!! THEY LOVE IT!! WORKS WELL!!!	Google Phone
Does the job. Kids are kinda of rough with its holding up well.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you are looking for an inexpensive tablet that can keep up with everyday casual use then this tablet is a good buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
This will be great for my parents who are older because it easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great price. Very Easy to use. My grandson loves it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This table does everything you NEED.. not necessarily everything you want. But It's great for the $$ you pay and it's really handy. I take it around with me all the time.	iPhone
I am so impressed with all the things this little tablet can do. It's NOT just an eReader, although that's what I purchased it for. The clarity is so improved from my old Kindle Fire, which I dearly loved for years (until my puppy got it). I was flabbergasted at all the things this little tablet can do...and it was so much less expensive than my other tablet. WHAT A DEAL!	Lightning Charging Cable
The first time I buy my first tablet it came on but it only showed that it needed to reeboot, it then shut off by its self.	Google Phone
This table is small enough for my purse, and handy enough for what i need.	Lightning Charging Cable
My dad, 79 years old, is able to navigate this item easily.	iPhone
At a price that doesn't require a bank loan or cashing in that retirement annuity.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my mother in law. I have a Kindle and I absolutely love it. Perfect if you only want a tablet for reading books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a good buy for the price and the performance is also awesome	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My daughter's Google tablet had run its course so I purchased this. I miss the simplicity of android.	27in FHD Monitor
I use an Iphone but I needed a reliable Android machine to play many android games I've purchased. This fits the bill and runs Android fairly well for the price. Don't expect to push TOO much power out of this model but with some clever tweaking you can get this thing to bypass the Fire OS and do all your Android app needs.	Wired Headphones
Bought this kindle for myself, can't wait to open it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for the money. It gets 4 stars because there are some things that could be better. The tablet has some lag to it at times while trying to perform some operations. However reading books or watching videos is great once the connection establishes. If you understand that it's not gonna act like a more expensive feature filled tablet this is great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good product for the price. Obviously it is not as simple to use as iPad or galaxy but still a great option for those who don't want to break the bank	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this Kindle Fire 7 on sale. It was a no brainer. It is faster than my 2012 Fire HD 7 thought the screen resolution cannot compare to the 2012 Fire HD 7. Screen resolution is adequate and for my use as an every day ereader, web browser, email it is perfect. I haven't used the cameras so cannot comment. I tested them out and they seem OK.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a great tablet. For reading and for games. Good for kids & adults overall.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
A tablet that is not too large with great clarity!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire is a basic tablet, but it's the best I've seen for $50.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my mom who has never owned a tablet before, she love's it.easy to use!	Google Phone
nice for this price................................	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this for the son of a family friend. From what we can tell they like it. Not the highest resolution screen and you have to be tied to Amazon services to really enjoy it, but it's definitely a nice functioning tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this about 3 weeks ago and I love it! You can play games (Although a bit laggy), watch movies/TV shows, read, and do quite a bit with it! The price is amazing! I would for sure buy this again and again! I recommend this if you are wanting a tablet to read! It is a great price for a pretty big screen! (But if you are wanting more of a game tablet I would recommend an Ipad or whatever is at best buy that they recommend.) I definitely think there is enough gigs for a few games and some books! My rating is 10/10!	Lightning Charging Cable
The kindle is my favorite tablet for reading books	Wired Headphones
Will recommend to friends and family, best tablet I bought	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I researched several different e-readers before deciding to purchase this tablet. This one was the best fit financially and it also allowed me more flexibility to access books from my local library. That feature alone is very valuable. I may decide to upgrade to something with less glare for outdoor reading, but for now this is perfect. Very easy to keep in my bag and since I am an android user this was not difficult to learn.	Apple Airpods Headphones
good for light user. I bought 49+tax. It is worth than price.	
This is a great Kindle. It has great sound and clarity of the screen. Easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I had got the original for the wife she finally needed a new one so when I saw this online I had to get her a new one she loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this as a mother's day gift for my mother. She has not had much experience with tablets. This was a perfect choice for her. Doesn't do anything. Crazy but works great for free to play games and kindle books and apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We had purchased these same tablets for our kids for Christmas and we really liked them. I like that they have kindle unlimited. I don't constantly have to buy books, like with my Nook. $10 a month for unlimited and I can read all the books I want	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect for the price. Great for kids to play games. Good battery life too!	Apple Airpods Headphones
picked up this fire tablet for the simple reason of reading ebooks purchased through kindle rather than on my phone. it's small enough I can stash it in my bag and easy on the wallet if anything happens to it. go ahead and pick up a case for it and maybe a glass screen protector for added piece of mind	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my son and he loves it. Fast and great for playing games	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I used a couple of the brands that are just priced under this product and well...you get what you pay for!  This tablet was much easier for my granddaughter to learn on. She can access her camera, pictures, videos, and games, much better than the ""other brand""."	Wired Headphones
Amazon Fire tablet is one of a kind!! Very easy to use and adaptable to fit all needs!	USB-C Charging Cable
I needed something bigger than my phone screen to browse with and came across this tablet. The screen quality is good	Lightning Charging Cable
Looking for a present for that young professional or graduate, this is great. They love technology.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this for my 12yr old son. Can't get him off of it. Gave it 3 stars because it doesn't support google play store and doesn't load most pics on pinterest sometimes. You might need a memory card if you purchase 8gb tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for a friend so she could use the internet and have more entertainment. I was happy with the cost.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Definitely got the job done. This tablet is nice size and affordable	iPhone
"So far the only complaint I have is not with the product but with the policy regarding the product. I had one for just about 2 weeks when I noticed a definite issue staying connected. My wife, who has had her Kindle Fire for months, said her started acting up if she had too many apps on it. I started removing them, even to the point of restoring to factory settings several times. After trying for about a week, it simply would not stay connected to the internet. It did stay connected to our wifi. I contacted Best Buy, but since it had been over 2 weeks, their policy is they can't help, unless you've purchased the extended warranty from them. They said that's Amazon's policy. I contacted Amazon, and after a fairly brief support chat, a new Kindle was on the way to its new home. I've been pleased with it since its arrival. It does most of what I need (email, facebook, minimal web use), saving ""wear & tear"" on my laptop."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got it for my wife but I keep it. Got to get her one now.lol	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my kids and they love it. The Fire allows them access and freedom to a tablet without the high cost.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my 2 year old and she loves it. She able to watch all her shows abd play games , its great...	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the kindle products. I bought the original kindle years ago so this is a nice upgrade.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my tablet. I'm not used to using amazon but its good now	Wired Headphones
We bought the tablet for my 1 year old who normally uses my iPad and Samsung tablet because we wanted him to have his own so we could have ours. He was very disengaged. I believe it's because it didn't have the home and back button like our tablets do. Over all it's an amazing device it just didn't keep our little one entertained	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
good starter tablet or great for games. fits in the purse or coat jacket.it was on sale for 50 dollars	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My daughter had been asking for a tablet she loved it and since likes to watch movies and play games and take a bunch of pictures i like that you can expand the memory up to 128 gigs.	Wired Headphones
I read many of the reviews about this tablet prior to purchasing it and was so glad that I did. It's a great tablet.Simple to use at a price that can't be beat. The item arrived in the promised timeframe and in good condition. Very happy with this purchase and will buy more for gift giving!	iPhone
I would recommend this product to anyone that loves reading e-books.	Lightning Charging Cable
It does every thing I need it to do for my son. It is very helpful when we are doing homework.	Lightning Charging Cable
"Can't download ""TCM"" nor my Cable providers "" tv on the go"" app"	Wired Headphones
THESE WERE BOUGHT FOR YOUNG BOYS. SO FAR NO PROBLEMS. VERY DURABLE. VERY CAPABLE.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This this my 4th one purchased! My granddaughter is in kindergarten and its a good learning tool!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Santa brought it for our our grandson. We got a shock case for it and he plays and watches kids videos on it every day while his older siblings are playing games on theirs. It was a little money well spent on a kids tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The screen on this tablet is very nice- good picture.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought two Amazon - Fire - 7"" Tablet - 8GB on sale for $39.99 (Reg. $49.99), at Best Buy since I had a $10 reward coupon so only spent $30.00, saved $20.00 for one tablet and another one 2 months later with another coupon for even less for my elderly mother. Both 7"" tablets exceeded my expectations and then some. I downloaded all my apps for my Amazon account and Google Play Store. Setting Kodi was as easy as Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick, just download the apps. I love this tablet, it works very well. I bought it because I love to check my e-mails etc. Having a 7"" screen makes it all easy and simple. As far as apps go, it has Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and tumblr available. It does not have Instagram available at the Amazon Store, but it does have it at Google Play Store. This Amazon Fire 7"" tablet is so lightweight, and you will love it too. As far as technology, it's an awesome tablet for the price, it's one of the nicest size tablets you can get your hands on. It's perfect for a child or an elderly person, to enjoy anywhere. I would highly recommend this tablet."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Very slow.My 73 year old mother loves it.I would recommend this to a elder or a young child.	Google Phone
I really enjoy my kindle. My only issue with it is that I can't get some of the apps I normally use however it does have most of them.	ThinkPad Laptop
Was please to find out that a camera, albeit not real high in pixel density but still usable, was now available along with a memory slot. Older model died and was getting real slow due to not enough memory. Good for a book reader, not so for a full featured tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for a friend for Christmas. They like it and use it everyday. Definitely recommend it for others.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this orange Kindle as a gift for my niece after having one for my kids for a year. It runs great and at that price there are no complains.	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet for kids to uses for downloading games and using the internet.	Google Phone
great tablet for the price. excellent gift for anyone	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet was amazing I love that I can add memory with a memory card.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for a child on the angel tree for Christmas.	Wired Headphones
Works flawlessly with amazon users especially those with prime accounts.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Easy and fun to use. Nice to be able to now read e-books.	27in FHD Monitor
I ended up returning it after 15 days. The browser was too slow. I bought so I wouldn't have to look stuff up on my phone all the time. Ended up being slow, so I just ended up always using my phone.	Flatscreen TV
Exceeds all expectations and perfect fit for my 9 year old.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet, I bought 3 for my grandkids and now another for another grandkid.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The fire works fine it's not the fastest but for basic browsing and watching videos it works great. You can't beat it for the price. Great for kids and not having to worry about them breaking it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it to replace my nephew's tablet that I broke. He loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy to use and the battery life last long on this this tablet. I am very happy that I purchased this item:)	USB-C Charging Cable
I prefer the iPad but it's okay for the cost just to many ads tho	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Fine for children, but a bit difficult to handle with the apps	Google Phone
I found this item to be very useful for my daughters learning programs .	Google Phone
I find that this is the perfect size for reading. Great price point.	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids are able to use this quite well. Can easily update all the applications.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This has been a good tablet for my daughter to use for entertainment and for learning.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I don't know how to use this stupid tablet, but my kids sure love it. We've downloaded games and movies for the kids, and they seem to be fairly entertained by the darn thing. We bought one for Christmas, and ended up getting a second one so the kids stop fighting.	27in FHD Monitor
This was a great tablet for reading and searching the web!	Lightning Charging Cable
I previously owned the kindle fire hd 8.9. I wanted a smaller tablet and this one is perfect. I use my kindle for books only and I have more than enough room.	iPhone
Great value, does everything you want it to do. I would recommend to those who want a simple tablet experience.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really enjoy the Fire tablet. The only drawback is the short battery life. However, for $49, it's a great buy. In fact, I recommended it to a family member. If battery life were better, I would give it a 5 star.	Wired Headphones
I really like it, I can see the letters perfectly and it has a perfect size	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for our 8 year old boy. Nice to have a micro sd slot. The processor seams a little slow. But seems to work sufficient enough for him. Great parental controls.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet my 2 kids have 3.They have an extra one for the roadI would definetly recommend it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I got this tablet for my son witch it works great for him, It does have some issues but nothing I can live with. It like to disconnect ftom the internet once in awhile and sometime you have to rest it to make youtube work, But overall for the price you can't complain great buy...	Wired Headphones
I am very satisfied with my Kindle Fire. I am amazed how good it is for the price. I am visually impaired and the voice over is excellent.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have been very satisfied with my new kindle and use it almost every day!	Google Phone
Easy to set up and very simple to use.very light and compact.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a very affordable tablet for the kiddos! We bought the Amazon foam cover and it seems very protected in it.	Wired Headphones
I use this device for watching movies and TV shows. I will suggest install MX PLAYER for MP4,MKV,ETC videos. It is a nice device for beginners.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is one of the best buys for the price. Amazon outdid themselves with this one for what you get for the price. This is an excellent gift.	Lightning Charging Cable
One of the easiest android tablets to learn it's functions! Great as a reading tool, but also for setting up email, web searches. Easy access to games and various apps. Nice to have access to a camera as well. A great tool for seniors with limited computer experience.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Given me many hours of pleasure. Really enjoy the jigsaw puzzles.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works very well. Much better operating system than other cheap tablets. It has a quality feel as well.	USB-C Charging Cable
Has a great price if you don't mind all the advertising ads everywhere, limited apps offered by Amazon.	USB-C Charging Cable
FOR the price it works great Battery run time could be better. Good for reading Kindle books, when my kindle white page isn't handy.	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet is a great price. Perfect for those who use Amazon and want to use Amazon apps. Does exactly what it should and is easy to use.Decent size for surfing the web. Has a good screen, easy to read text.Nice to be able to surf the web, read a book or listen to music.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought mine in store, I like having what I buy right away, so I didn't feel the need to buy it online, maybe that is why other people may have had a screen problem, could have been during the shipping process because who knows how well the shipping company treats the packages.I use it mainly for watching netflix, and reading books. I love it, feels like I have a kindle, and whats great about it is that its more than just a kindle so I can do more with it. I already have an iphone, and a huge laptop so I won't be using it for like everything like other people may need it for. So it is worth the price because before I was never planning on buying a tablet because I felt like they were expensive and since I already have a phone and laptop I didn't need it but when this came out I was finally happy to find a tablet that the brand is well known and popular.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The new Kindle Fire's price point is amazing. At $50 this tablet is a full-featured device that is practically disposable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My old tablet had froze up on me, I was vacationing and I needed a new tablet, so I went to Best Buy and bought the Fire, easy to use and reasonably priced.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"Don't let the low price and screen size fool you. This 7"" tablet is a bargain at $50 and works flawlessly. It has long battery life and a bright display. I find myself using it most often to view movies on Amazon Prime, which can be flung to my flat screen TV instantly. This is a must-have item for $50."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this tablet. Has all the best features of a kindle and a regular tablet. It is easy to use and does exactly what it is supposed to do with zero fuss.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is a steal at this price. I would dare say it offers more per dollar than a high end tablet.	iPhone
a $50 dollar tablet that will do more than an ipad...how can you go wrong!!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the money this is most likely the best tablet available. This $49 tablet will do everything my Samsung Galaxy 4 will do. I wish Amazon had this available before I purchased the Samsung. I would highly recommend this tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son has a 1st gen iPad and some of the newer games won't work for that operating system. I wanted a decent tablet that could play those games without locking up and not be as expensive. Amazon came through with this great product to meet my needs.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love my fire.It's a little smaller than I.m used to	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a must for Christmas gift, excellent product and price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this is a really nice e-book reader. Nice white screen, easy to read and operate. For the price I am not sure you can beat this.	USB-C Charging Cable
For $50 the kindle fire 7 is a bargain. I had the original kindle and the difference in functionality is night and day. The only minus is amazon prime is now $99 a year and it's hard to justify that unless you shop amazon alot. But still overall a great deal.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love to have books read to me but don't want to have to pay for Audible. Since regular Kindles have long sonce done away with speakers, I had to go to the Kindle Fire line. I was blown away! Not only can I read boops and do text to speech, I can also do netfkix, we surfing and check my email. I love me new fire and recommend it to everyone.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have had this tablet for about a month. It is really good for basic use. It met my expectations.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the ability of my fire to hold ebooks or audio books as well as being able to go online, check email, take and post pictures and updates. I can even play a game while listening to an audio book.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this tablet for reading and letting my son who is 4 play games on it. The resolution is not the best in the world but I do not use it to watch movies for hours on end. I wish it was not locked to the Amazon market so that I could get a wider selection of apps than offered, but still good buy nun the less.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is fantastic. It's small yet biiger than my iPhone. It works fast and I've had no problems with it so far. Plus for the price, you can't go wrong with it. It's more than half the price of a Samsung or iPad yet works just the same. Don't hesitate to buy this	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Used while traveling in southeast Asia to pick up emails & stay in touch with friends & family back in the States	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a descent tablet for kids. Not all amazon apps are compatible with this is device which can get annoying. Storage is limited (8gb) so that too can get annoying. (Especially when 4gb is used before you ever get started.) Video quality is great but picture quality is lacking. Overall the tablet is easy to use and my children (8 & 12) enjoy using it. I gave it 4 stars because for the cost I think it is a pretty good tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have bought tablets for others but this is the first time I bought for myself. This is a great price for a device that does everything.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my son. He is reading more now that he download the books to his tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
Found this tablet to be user friendly and easy to handle. This was purchased for and elderly individual who is enjoying it very much. Battery life is not long enough though.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great product, the cost is incredible and proves other manufacturers prices are inflated.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice size to work with, not too big or too small to carry with you	Macbook Pro Laptop
Purchased for my son works great and great price..	Macbook Pro Laptop
This was bought as a Christmas present for my other half. She is enjoying it very much and it is user friendly	Vareebadd Phone
I needed a tablet...and it came in handy...just what I needed.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for our 9 year old son for Christmas. First tablet. Usually just plays games/watches YouTube on my Galaxy phone. He hasn't had any complaints about this to date.	20in Monitor
I was pleased with features of this low cost device	USB-C Charging Cable
This ereader is more like a tablet or iPad but without the huge price. Loving my new tech toy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
No reason to shop around at this price there is something for everybody I bought 3 at black friday price for gifts no complants!	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought 2 for my Granddaughters, one is 5 and one is ten, they had the best time ever playing with them. You can control all access, so it works great for both and their parents feel secure.	Wired Headphones
Bought a few of them on Black Friday for the family. While it's not my iPad it is comparable to any other tablet out there and performs well. The layout is unique which makes it a little difficult to get used to but it's by far worth the money.	iPhone
Quick starting and easy to use. This tablet is great for travel and games at night. E-mail checks are a snap. Low cost makes it something you do not need to worry about. Even supports e print to my HP printer. Buy 2 and enjoy it. No downside found yet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got it for 35 on BF.. the tablet is very good ..the processing speed and eveything. The only bummer is Camera but dont use it much	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the best tablet I have bought. It is better than the $200 kindle fire I bought a few years ago. It has wonderful apps for children as well as the great amazon apps I like!	Lightning Charging Cable
"I was giving the tablet as a gift for Christmas to a 3 year old. I initially purchased the ""standard version"" but returned it for the kid version which included a ""Bumper box"" as well as a 2 year warranty, which the standard version did not have. Thankfully, I asked the parent of the child if it was OK for me to set it up prior to giving it to the child. The set up took some time. I was thankful that I read the reviews because I bought an additional memory card since the product only has 8GB of storage. The child was able to open the gift and ""play"" immediately as a result of doing up-front work. One thing I noted that when the child played a movie through Netflix, the resolution was not very good. Could be an adjustment needed in the tablet, which has yet to be worked out. I would recommend this, but if giving as a gift for a child, I would recommend doing the up-front work so it is ready to go for the child when they receive it."	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for 1 reason to get back into reading books. It is perfect for that. Didn't really mess around with anything else.	Wired Headphones
I really enjoy the kindle fire.It is easy to use and fast.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
To start with, this is not a high end tablet. This serves the fundamental purpose of browsing and reading with so much ease. Believe me, a lot better than an a low end ASUS tablet. I own multiple tablets of varying brands. This tablet works like a charm. For the price offered, its worth the purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought 2 of these for family members and they absolutely loved them! Connected to Wifi with no problems and downloaded apps quickly.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is great to turn an ordinary tv that has an HDMI port into somewhat of a smart tv.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the child profiles for my kids and all the parental controls! Great for price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a kindle fire that was about 4 years old and wore it out. This was purchased to replace that one and I love it. It is a little lighter and smaller. Still has all the great features and you cannot beat the price for this small tablet. I highly recommend it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The resolution is great and price is also well. Best tablet I. It's price range.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Picture awesome. Memory card can be installed.	Flatscreen TV
This was a nice upgrade to my previous Kindle Fire. Thought would have a few more bells and whistles but I'm satisfied with the added speed and added Camera.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to use at any age level. Should of got another one	Wired Headphones
My kids love this tablet! They use it with ease! Great price too!	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this for a Christmas gift for my nephew. He loved it. Very nice tablet at an affordable price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I will enjoy it even more once I have the apps I want downloaded. This Kindle Fire will be fun!	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandkids like to use my tablet when they come to visit. I bought them each one for at home.	Flatscreen TV
My wife just opened this for Christmas. She is enjoying it so far. Looks and operates as good as any we have seen recently. So far so good.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this tablet for one of my kids for Christmas. Super easy to use, and solid parental controls so I can make sure they don't access anything they shouldn't or make purchases.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased 2 kindle fires for my two youngest nieces! They have not sat them down-love them! Easy to connect & navigate	Wired Headphones
We bought this to watch movies and read. It doesn't disappoint.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good: graphics & fast shipping. Bad: didn't like how it was like you couldn't get around putting in your credit card number.	Wired Headphones
This is a very good tablet for the price (about $50 regular price). Good image quality and battery life. Have been a Prime member for several years, so the included media access - videos, audio and books - is great. It is NOT an android tablet, so much of the Google ecosystem is not available. The Amazon AppStore has lots of options, but not nearly as many as the Google Play Store.Would recommend adding a microSD storage card. Also would get better file manager and video playback apps. There are several good, free options from Amazon's AppStore.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchase this tablet on Black Friday for my classroom while at work and my toddler while at home. Pros-I've mainly used it at work for Class Dojo and it's good for that purpose. At home I've used it for a Fisher Price ABC app. Both run okay with minimum lag. Cons-The volume is very low and the ads are annoying but for what I'm using it for it works.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have bought many of this during chrismas time and its a good tablet for a ages,	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a Christmas present for my nephew. It works great and is lightweight & super portable.	20in Monitor
It's slick and small and it works great! I love it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"This is a nice little tablet; It is definetly worth the price"	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got it as a Christmas present. Recipient enjoys It very much.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good inexpensive tablet. I use it to control my E series vizio and andriod box. Apps open slower than on my Galaxy S7 edge but other than that everyting works as expected. Note that google play store is not available without modification	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is not a bad tablet for the price. I personally need a little more on high end side. The plastic look doesn't do it for me.It has a expandable Micro Sd Slot and decent battery life. I gifted it to the Mrs. and she loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandson had taken over his mom's kindle she got 2 years ago, so we decided to get her a new one and she loves it.	iPhone
My wife had a Nook e-reader that was getting old and also used her iPhone 5 for reading. I thought it would be a very good reader for her and she loves it, along with the other capabilities the tablet offers. She has been very happy with it and you cannot beat the price for the features the tablet offers.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought three of these while on sale. They replace my ereader and my children's ipod touches and we use them every day. I cannot stress how good of a deal this is! While the display isn't the best - you're getting far mor than what you pay for.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is inexpensive so you can get many of them. It also has a speaker.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Will never buy a amazon tablet for games again it dosent have Google play and the games take forever to download!!!	Google Phone
These are perfect for my grandchildren, ages 11 (boy), 8 (girl), 7 (autistic girl) and 3 (boy). They have everything they need to entertain themselves all in one place, especially with my Amazon Prime membership.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
You can't beat the price. This is the best tabet under $100. Easy to upgrade from one amazon tablet to another as long as you have an amazon account and back up your information.	Google Phone
I got one for Christmas and loved it bought this one for my son and he loves his	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Better then my old kindle. More features. I'm able to return my library books where on the old one they would have to expire.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great little tablet perfect for reading books and listen music	Macbook Pro Laptop
Easily accesible wonderful for my kids stays charged long time	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Replaced my Kindle with this; it was a great deal for the price"	Apple Airpods Headphones
The screen is big and clear. Takes good pictures kids love it!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my daughter. She loves it! She uses it much more than her iPad for reading it's easier on the eyes.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love my Fire Tablet - it has beautiful screen and many extra features that my older Tablet did not have - while it is still a compact size, it is light and pleasant to use. I would recommend again and again.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My children love playing their games on this tablet. It works well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my new Kindle FIRE, & LOVE the reasonable price at Best Buy!!!!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, was worth the $50. Wish you could access google store with it but other than that, works great.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great screen, very fast, very portable, and light.	Wired Headphones
Purchased these for my grandsons, ages 5 and 7, they absolutely love them. Able to download apps with ease.	20in Monitor
I bought this product to gift to a 8year old kid and she loved it. she plays games, puzzles.	27in FHD Monitor
Bargain price for a fully functioning tablet. Not the fastest but certainly capable. Recommended!	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet bought for a 10 year old child. Perfect pricing for a lot of tablet. Great pricing and good product.	27in FHD Monitor
Purchased as gift for senior citizens, and they love them. Not to techy for anyone young to old to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very low quality tablet. It lags on games. But what do you expect for $50? However, you can still do most things you'd expect to do with a tablet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Price is low, but OS is lacking unlike other brands it doesnt come with a decent charger. To refill battery you have to charge it overnight.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this tablet for my 5 and 7 year olds!!! They have tons of kid friendly games that keeps them busy for hours	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for the kids, picture quality is great and it is durable.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this tablet on a whim and it was the best decision I ever made. It is easy to use and so much fun!!	Wired Headphones
purchased for grandchildren easy to use they love it	Wired Headphones
I purchased this Fire tablet for my wife because her other tablet had ceased to function. It is a good tablet for what she needs it for and she likes the ease of use. I would certainly recommend this tablet!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I got this for my daughter after the tablet that she had before broke (it wouldn't charge, it wasn't a kindle). She loves it. I love the fact that I could put a memory card into it to give her more memory.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good e-reader overall. I Bought it for my husband and he likes it. I have not heard any complaints.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my wife. She loves it. It works very well, no problems. She plays a lot of games on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a nice small tablet. Works well and great with Amazon products. A great price.	Flatscreen TV
I was worried with the smaller screen but it really is great. I have had no issues.	Flatscreen TV
"Bought this during the black Friday sale and really a nice tablet; the UI could be a little better but OK for a $ 35 device."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have purchased this item for 3 grandkids to date. Exactly does what it needs to do.	Wired Headphones
Bought it for my mom and she loves it. Easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazon Product is good and it is handy. It is useful while travelling.	27in FHD Monitor
Entertainment or the quiet times you love. Perfect	27in FHD Monitor
This was a gift to my grandma and it is simple enough for her to use it and understand it!	27in FHD Monitor
My wife is enjoying her new tablet because she is able to receive free books through her Kindle account!	Lightning Charging Cable
I recently purchased this Amazon Fire for my daughter, i like that it has the little accent of a night light, so if we are watching a movie in the dark, she can still use it without illuminating the entire room. features are average, just like any other tablet. It is a little bulky but for a child, it gets the job done. Pretty sturdy when its dropped. Doesnt have much storage, but the good news is you can add your own SD to create more storage.	Vareebadd Phone
Perfect for my needs. Really enjoy it, easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great beginner tablet. Used for my kid to view videos.	iPhone
This is a well made tablet that has many great features.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 10yr old loves it . He stays on the pad for hours and never get bored ....	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought the tablets for the kids and they love then. They are able to play games, music, take pics and videos chat with them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"bought this as a friend to help her move from an ancient laptop to a simple tablet. The ""value"" of this product is very high."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's ok I am just used to Google so much! But it still good	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got very good customer service explaining the difference in tablets and Kindle Fire is what was suggested to me as all I want to do is use it as a ereader.	20in Monitor
This is an awesome tablet for the price!! Works like the expensive ones for less!	Flatscreen TV
Caught a Black Friday sale and was worth every penny. Does all the essentials with a great picture for videos.	Vareebadd Phone
This is a gift for my daughter. I have been utilizing it. So far, so good.	Wired Headphones
Best bang for you buck tablet. Running Android, but without the Google services. If you have Amazon Prime then this will be great for your traveling needs. You can expand the memory with a memory card and the Amazon App store has plenty of apps.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice tablet for the price. I wish the colorful ones available in the store.	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet is great for 7 inches. Touch screen works great	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this device for my kids who are way too young to trust with a $500 tablet such as an iPad. Works efficiently, my kids love it, & I love the parental control features. If something happens to it, amazon handles it quickly & if it were to break or get lost, it's cheap to replace. That being said, it obviously doesn't hold a candle to Samsung or apple's tablets. I'm not really a fan of the operating system.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the money (if you can do without Apple) this is the best tablet. You just have to remember Amazon sells it cheap so you have access to their media services and Alexa.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love it. Really light weight so easy to carry in my purse and read books on it during my daily commute on the train	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice tablet. Love reading books on this, kid profile option is excellent	Lightning Charging Cable
i have bought at least 6 people this kindle it is perfect......	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids have two kindle fires already and decided to add a third for the youngest. You can't beat the price of the tablet and with parental locks I am able to decide what they can access and what to block.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an easy to use, inexspensivd tablet for kids. Great for basic tasks and games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have 3 iPad so wasn't sure how I would feel about buying this pad. But it works great and enjoyed using it. For the price you pay it's diffidently worth it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Best tablet for the money, also great because of the color selection.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Lot's of entertainment content game apps movie tv shows parental control let's you manage child access	USB-C Charging Cable
great tablet for the entire family and very easy to use.	Wired Headphones
I bought it during Black Friday cause it was cheap and on sale. In the end, it was a really good buy! There's a lot you can do/add to the tablet, yet it has an external memory! Jut look into what you can do to this tablet, and you'll fall in love!	Wired Headphones
I would like to buy this because it caught my attention.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this for raffle prizes and they're great for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the cost of the kindle! Great price for a tablet for children! Very user friendly!	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids love their new Kindle Fires! No issues and we bought these in August. Highly recommend.	Google Phone
New for 2015 tablet is some what different to use than the 2 version. Bought these for gifts.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm pretty impressed especially with the price tag being 30 bucks!	27in FHD Monitor
The fire meets my needs for my reading enjoyment. It is less cumbersome than always carrying around a book. I have no problems whether in daylight or at night. I would highly recommend this product.	Macbook Pro Laptop
"Logging in with a password can be difficult since the typed lettersare not shown, even temporarily, so inadvertent typos require guesswork to find.Signing out of e-mail is not clear, if it can be done.Some ""free"" downloads fail because of lack of payment.Allowing for my lack of skills. I was hoping for a little more.It was OK fort basic stuff."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great little tablet. The price is unbeatable. I have been using mine for about a month. Never a problem. Easy to download good graphics and always plenty of free downloads to entertain!	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this little tablet, it fits right in my pocketbook without adding a lot of weight. It's easy to use and I can do almost anything on it. I highly recommend it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Priced for the modest budget, but is totally capable of performance to satisfy the basic needs of entry level tablet users.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is a great tablet, I bought it for my 11 year old and he uses it responsibly. I also bought the glass screen protector and the sky blue cover for it in case he drops it. My son loves it and enjoys being able to not only play games on it, or take pictures, or even movies, but most importantly for the use of the advantages of it for its help when it comes to his education. I strongly recommend this product to everyone.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
You could pay more and get something better but for reading comics and watching YouTube this is fine	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter uses this and loves it. The only complaint she had was she cannot get games from the google store because it will only allow game and app downloads from the Amazon store and Amazon does not have all the games. But as far as working, it does what it is supposed to.	ThinkPad Laptop
For the price this is a great little tablet. Its fairly fast and fits my needs.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Light weight user friendly tablet. Does everything that expensive tablets do and more.Best value for the money.	Lightning Charging Cable
It came with dead pixels so i was very disappointed. i called then they replaced it. I ended up returning it completely because it was too slow.	iPhone
After only 4 days, the device would not charge. It was plugged in each evening and on the 4th day, it was at 7% after being plugged in all night. This was our second Amazon Fire Tablet, the first one stopped charging in month 13, right after the manufacturer's warranty expired. Decided to get another one because it was a great deal, but sadly I've learned you don't even get what you pay for with this tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect tablet, such a great price would totally recommend	Google Phone
Bought for mother in law to play games on. Pretty simple to set up. Looked at other off brand tablets but the price on this was good so we went with it. Seems to enjoy it. Only got a call from her for how to connect to the Internet so I take that as a good sign since she's not tech savvy.	USB-C Charging Cable
Best tablet ever!Cannot put it down! Always ready to read, browse or watch tv shows and movies	Lightning Charging Cable
The device is good for reading on. It feels like reading a book.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It was a cheap tablet just for kids to watch movies. However, it forces you to put your credit card numbers to register the product. I don't want to since kids will be playing with it. I don't want them to be able to purchase apps without approval. Reset it to factory default, but the setup changed not the same as first started. Anyway, I won't but it again.	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet is great for the price. Not as fast as my S7 but pretty darn good for the price.	Wired Headphones
I have owned a few kindle's in the past and this one works as good if not better than the others. I'm an avid reader and I get a lot of use out of my kindle and it's small enough to fit just about anywhere. I love that it comes in different colors too!	USB-C Charging Cable
Good and easy. The kids love it and use it for learning and games.	ThinkPad Laptop
Works great as a small tablet for my niece. she watches movies and read books. It's perfect!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good tablet for the price. Good for reading books, and most apps.	Wired Headphones
Bought this tablet for our family to use. Does a great job and my son uses it for videos and games and school apps. The parental controls were a little difficult and time consuming to set up but other than that it has been great! I would definately buy again.	Wired Headphones
I think k this is an awesome product it was very affordable and so far does absolutely everything that I need it to do and it is very user friendly easy to use I'm still getting to know this product but I have no complaints so far	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this to read books and to use the internet, I liked it so much I bought a second one for a family member.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Fire tablet is lightweight and easy to use. Great for Kindle books. Small enough to carry anywhere. If I'm waiting somewhere, I'm able to read while waiting.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Perfect! Perfect screen size, fast, and picture is beautiful! I love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the first tab my niece is using and she is just loving it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great pay back for each $ spent. Basic tablet, very good for reading and surfing.	Wired Headphones
Exactly what I was looking for inexpensive and great for my little one. User friendly.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I baught thus tablet as an E-reader, for that purpose, it works great. It is also very good for watching streaming video.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Didn't like it. To many pop up ALL THE TIME. Don't recommend at all	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased the tablet as a gift for my mom and she loves it!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"For the money this is an exceptional value. Not the best tablet out there but it is the ""best"" for the money!"	Wired Headphones
A simple device with low memory and cheap feel. I think if you are going to do a table, go with a Samsung or so.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for watching Netflix, surfing web, checking email, and reading kindle books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is very easy to set up and get started. The graphics are very clear. It Has everything you need.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for reading, watching movies, using on the go	20in Monitor
Pretty basic tablet that suits me since im not really looking for something to do with it other than play or browse the internet	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It's a great product. I not only have books that I read on there but also can download games for my kids.	Vareebadd Phone
this tablet is the best buy i could buy . i paided $33.00 dollars for a brand new kindle fire !!!! Awesome!!!!	iPhone
This was on offer for thanksgiving. I just bought it just as a second tablet to iPad. have to say it is good. .	Lightning Charging Cable
but it is missing some of the Google apps. I have not sideloaded those yet. The display is acceptable. If you have Amazon Prime, it does have a nice interface for using it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my 4th tablet (all different brands) and it's the best yet! Easy to set up, loads and run fast. No problem getting books and apps. All for only $50!!! Also bought one for my husband and he loves his, too.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a replacement Kindle for our grandson. loved it	Wired Headphones
I purchased for my grandchildren and they work fine for watching Netflix or Amazon movies, however, Kindle offers no app for YouTube which is a somewhat of a drawback for kids. Nice to access books for kids to encourage reading. Also like the parental controls so kids can't make a purchase without your knowledge.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Good reader; basic tablet; needs access to google play apps"	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a good tablet for someone who wants a starter. Nice screen, easy to use. Great graphics.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great entry level tablet. It has full functionality and is well built. The only thing I don't like is the slow processing speed but it is more than worth the money	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a nice tablet to have, however I do not like the setup for making a kid profile and not being able to download to their profile. Also do not like amazon's charge for a kid profile.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is very easy for my 9-year old to use. It also works well for people of all ages in our family and it was a very good value.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my 8 year old and she loves it. Very user friendly and has great parental controls/options.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good beginner tablet, Light enough for small hands to carry. I got the cover as well which was a good investment as little hands tend to drop things. Not a lot of space, but enough.	20in Monitor
I bought 2 for my kids for reading and they are slowly but gradually picking up how to use them. They thought I bought it to download games. I told them one game each and the rest books.	Lightning Charging Cable
The screen is clear and battry last for 8hr. The camera is easy to use and can been taken for good pictures.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
excellent choice for a 3,8,10,and 11 year old child.i made a great choice when i decided to purchase 2 of the 7 inch tablets for christmas gifts.i am very pleased.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my nephew. The price is right, however, the tablet is terrible. Spend the money and get an iPad.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great for a first tablet. Needed something larger than my phone and it comes in handy when the grandkids visit.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet and very cheap. Used to for gift for customers and ita amazing	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for my son, who loves this tablet. It's easy to use, set up parental settings, and seems durable.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Well, its a little weak but its cheap. Good for the Amazon Ecosystem if you don't want or need googleplay and all that. Can still side load apps, but some might not work correctly if you need a play account (like clash of clans will install but not let you log in) Some other things were a pleasant surprise that they actually worked, even though they were not officially sanctioned by Amazon. Battery life leaves a little to be desired and the tablet can get warm. Cameras are not good at all, but I guess would suffice for video chat. But for a name brand and only $50, there isn't really much room to complain. The ads don't get in the way much, but you would have to pay $15 to remove them. I would leave them and save the money. Bottom line, you can't really go wrong with the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My mom is not computer savvy, however she has really taken to the tablet. It is easy to us and just the right size for her to handle. So glad that Best Buy recommended this product for her.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Picked up this tablet for my kid, the price was very appealing. My kid loves the tablet, does everything a more expensive table to would do.	Wired Headphones
This is good tablet for price of $49.99. The camera is not really bad. One reason why i dont't like Amazon tablet and cellpone is you can't download some apps like magic jack and chikka apps. I like this 2 apps because im using it international.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Portability perfectBattery greatEase of use. Excellent	Vareebadd Phone
Not user friendly, in regards to compatibility with Google Play services, Play Store, etc. Definitely needs to be improved upon	USB-C Charging Cable
I am currently using this item. It is very good product.	Google Phone
This tablet meets my needs for going online or killing time when I'm bored. The battery holds longer than my cell phone. The only problem with these is that the port you connect the charger into isn't aligned easily and is pretty cheap. I can see how the tip of the charger would break easily. That is really my only complaint since I only paid 39 dollars when it was on sale.	Wired Headphones
I replaced my old tablet with this one. I like this tablet because it has a back light and I can read in bed without disturbing anyone else.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Kindle works as it should and was inexpensive but has a short battery life	Wired Headphones
I am still learning about my Amazon Fire tablet. It was easy for my to download books I wanted. I think I am going to really like it once I have learned more about it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Perfect size tablet that can fit in a purse. Also, decent size screen for watching movies!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
it is set up way more like tablet then then the old kindles	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased one a few weeks before purchasing this one. SD Card slot cover broke when trying to insert card. Decided to get another one. This one is fine. Have to use tape to hold other one in.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my cuz lil boy he likes it very much.	Wired Headphones
I got a great price for the kindle, love the color options. Great for games, watching TV shows & movies on Netflix & Hulu, and reading books. Perfect for car rides & waiting rooms.	Apple Airpods Headphones
After two broken iPad screens we switched to this fire tablet for our daughter. It's been amazing. So much more durable and amazon games have actually free where it includes in app purchases.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchase this as a gift and the recipient is happy with it	ThinkPad Laptop
you couldnt really expect anything more from a device so cheap compared to other tablets	Apple Airpods Headphones
was able to get this on black friday awesome deal for an awesome tablet!	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the product!!! Like the way it was easy to assess the apps and email. Can use it anywhere especiallly at work with my clients.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased 5 units as gifts to my nephews and nieces and they love it!	27in FHD Monitor
I am shocked at the super low price for a very functional and handy tablet. Easily the best tablet on the market under $50!	Lightning Charging Cable
It was the easiest tablet to use. I bought about 5 of them and it was good for traveling.	Wired Headphones
I lost my Kindle reader and bought this to replace it. With quad core processor, it's very fast, faster than my Samsung Tab 2. I use it as a reader and, when traveling, use it to watch stuff on Amazon Prine, HULU or Netflix. And it's only 49.99. 8 GB memory, but I don't use it for photos, so that doesn't matter.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a small and compact device that is easy to use	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a great starter tablet for children,very inexpensive and durable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is small enough to carry along on my daily routine. The price was right too.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this hoping for a cheaper version of iPad. Not familiar with OS. overall, not excited about it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent gift for kids ,not expensive. Good software for less money.	20in Monitor
purchased this item for my 7 year grandson he loves it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It's a tablet, there's not much more to it than that. Simple interface, and easy to use.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my kids for Christmas. Great tablet for the price!	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet works just like any other tablet. Very easy to use, does not freeze up, and battery lasts long	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my kids as a gift. They love this device and use it daily. I couldn't be happier with the purchase	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A week after my purchase this item went on sale. I think best buy should refund he difference without me having to drive 45 minutes 1 way to return and repurchase as the store advised when I call them . it's not like you don't have my credit card information.	USB-C Charging Cable
Is table is good no to fast but work good. Nice picture.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased the kindle fire for a vacation we were going on and really only thought i would use it for books and maybe a few games but was surprised at how well i was able to access the internet with it. the only thing that i can say negative about it is the sun glare. in the sun it is next to impossible to see what is on the screen. indoors or shade and it is fine	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love love love my kindle. It was so affordable & has such great visual quality! I bought this smaller device so I could take it with me and watch my shows. It's great & would buy again. Love this AMAZON Kindle	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a nice item. I recommend this to everyone.	Wired Headphones
Got tablet for my son as a Christmas gift. He will enjoy it as I have one myself	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Would recommend this product to anyone looking for a tablet.	ThinkPad Laptop
Awesome for 4 year olds. Tons of security features and very easy to use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My family loves their kindle fires. These are a good quality low price tablet that lasts about 4-5 years. We have had trouble with the charging ports going out after that time but for the price they are totally worth it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my three-year-old and he loves it	Flatscreen TV
I love my Kindle & bought this for my mother for Christmas, she is very hard to get for but I know she will like it for the simple reason she can enlarge the letters just so she can see without having to put her glasses on. That in it self will mean everything to her. Now, she should be able to read her magazines or books or look something up online without any issues. Love Kindles!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"My daughter had her 8"" Kindle Fire HD stolen earlier this year so when we saw this one on sell over the Thanksgiving holiday it was a no brainier to purchase it since it was $100 cheaper than the Fire we purchased a year ago, granted the Fire HD has a much crispier screen but for my 9 year old daughter, she is now happy just to have a tablet again. And it can do all the things she needs it to do: read books, play games, skype, etc."	Wired Headphones
Excellent for browsing and reading. Good price for great quality.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought these tablets for my grandchildren, ages 8 & 11, because they love playing games on mine when they come to visit me. Oh the smiles on their faces when they opened them up :)	USB-C Charging Cable
Hopefully works great this is for my 3t son. Can't beat the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
A must have for your baby or child!! 100% Free apps!!	Lightning Charging Cable
"The main reason I purchased this was because I like to annotate scriptures and insert personal notes or related notes to passages especially meaningful to me. It's much easier to insert comments now with the keyboard display than it was to insert comments on the old Kindle I have, so that was a huge bonus. The one draw back/gripe I have is the ""back"" triangle button. The scriptures I read have hyperlinks that take me to other scriptures, and before on the old Kindle, I could hit the back button and it would take me back to the previous page I was on. E.g., if I was on page 10, and selected a link to page 14, the back button would take me back to page 10. With this kindle, the back button takes you back to the library, and the previous page tap/swipe takes you back to the previous page, e.g., if I'm on page 10, and I take a link to page 14, it'll take me to page 13. The work-around that I discovered is using the bookmark function which is only slightly more time-intensive than the old Kindle back button. The only other concern I have is the battery life. If I'm going to enjoy some long reading without heavy annotation (e.g., reading fantasy), I'll probably use my old Kindle. If I want to do some serious annotation and cross referencing on different commentaries (e.g., scripture study), the new Kindle is the better bet. The commentaries I reference are PDFs - I could create a Kindle book out of them, but it messes up the tables in the PDFs, and I don't care for the PDF viewer that came with the Kindle because you cannot bookmark the PDF or annotate it. I purchased a very inexpensive PDF app called ""exPDF Reader"" which does everything I want with PDFs. All-in-all, the Kindle - Fire is a great tool and fits into my lunch box, so I take it everywhere. I read that others were concerned about it's weight, but I find it to be light. I'm used to reading door stopper books, and it is definitely more manageable than one of those. A pleasant surprise I had was the ""blue shade"" feature which enables me to read at night without worry of negatively impacting my sleep cycle/quality of sleep. You don't need a separate booklight for this like you do for the old Kindle, so that's a nice perk too."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Believe it or not, I purchased this for my 3 year old Grandson, and he is doing real fine with it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a Christmas gift. Lots of games and books for children. Easy-to-use. 5 year old is in love with it. Nice size.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Excellent tablet for the low price, insurance however would be a waste of money since its 1/3 the cost of the tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this product for my 12 year old niece. She was extremely happy with it especially the camera feature. It is durable and easy to carry around. Great product!	Apple Airpods Headphones
can't beat the price. thinking of buying a second one for myself as this was for my wife	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tablet is very well built for 49.99 . Only issue is the speed of the processor	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this for my dad. works great for a novice that just needs basics	ThinkPad Laptop
This is my daughters second purchased kindle..great product for reading games and searching the web..durable and affordable.	iPhone
Bought for lil brother its a ok tablet for a kid especially apps like WWE and cartoon	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great value. Comfortable size for reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
I absolutely positively Love my Kindle Fire! It is the best of both worlds being a Kindle & a Inexspensive Tablet!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought one for my great nephew and one for my grandson both 7 years old and it's perfect. Price and what they can do.	Google Phone
my four year old has trashed this one again. it really is great but I need to find ways to make it so the glass doesn't break. the computer itself is wonderful cracked like crazy and I cant cut my fingers.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great.Terrific tablet for price.Would definitely recommend this tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I highly recommend this tablet, it is very affordable!	USB-C Charging Cable
I like the tablet. My 6 year old daughter is able to download lots of games and she loves it!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It works perfectly and I like it . I might get another one for Christmas gift	USB-C Charging Cable
Very satisfied useful for internet and email. Will continue to use this brand.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use when traveling. Has all I need and is fast and covers my needs.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
if you know the workarounds of the amazon kindle environment, this tablet is a good choice. cheap, lightweight and the expandable memory are the best features.	Flatscreen TV
I purchased three tablets and the grand children have been using them every day and they are working great and just the one that they needed. They are easy for them to use and even this grandmother can work them and that is a plus for us.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
works for what needed, watching netfix app is done	Lightning Charging Cable
I would recommend this to anyone it quite compact and easy to use and it good for any age.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this product! Takes clear photos. Easy access to internet. Tons of apps to choose from. Everything you could need in a tablet is here!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
picked this tablet up for my wife had a bad experience with other cheap tablets bought this one and have absolutely loved it best value out there	27in FHD Monitor
This is great I was used to just the plain Kindle and this feels more like a tablet than just a kindle. I use it to check email, do pintrest and read my books. Totally in love with my new Kindle fire!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We love our Kindle Fires! One for me, spouse, & 87 year old mother. It keeps us connected just as any more expensive tablet can, and for 1/4 of the cost. Also has Amazon special apps.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Was looking for a low-priced tablet to access my Kindle and magazine apps - specifically The Economist. What I didn't realize was that this was the ad-version of the Kindle, so removing ads on it would not be possible w/o fee - and worse, there's some limitation around some apps and everything located in the Google Play store, so apps like The Economist were not available. Sooooo... returned.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I had the original kindle fire from many years ago that survived many a drop onto concrete floor without sustaining any damage, so I hope this one will last as long. Easy to start up and charges fast. Already had a couple of os updates that were very fast downloading and installing. No problems.	Google Phone
The Fire is performing everything I would wish for in a tablet. Browser is working fine, and I enjoy reading on it.	Google Phone
Not as quick as my iPad but a great solution for traveling. Some of the apps that you get on an iPad are unavailable. Happy purchaser!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This has been great for travelling. I can read and watch tv/movies, and not have to take out my computer. The price sealed the deal.	Flatscreen TV
ok I have played three games it's great, have had no time to do other work yet	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it for my 8 years old sister and it's perfect. Screen is clear and the price was great	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my first tablet. It is simple to use and very efficient.The only thing that I would have liked would be larger keys on the key pad. Other than that I am very happy with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet meets my immediate needs of email, games, even social networking. Also pleased with streaming of my favorite site. A little slow but maybe the network. Also Amazon's technical service was excellent. I had a bad day and was frustrated with start up which is easy when in your right mind, anyway the technician deescalated excellently.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use. Has a nice clear picture.comes with some good apps.	20in Monitor
Love the tablet. Great reviews for the amazon kindle	Lightning Charging Cable
I really like my Amazon Fire Tablet, it's easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this to give as a door prize gift for a nonprofit. they loved it, I was impressed with the reviews and proud to donate it as a gift.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love it . I love the size and weight . It not easy to broke or crack	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the e-reader on here plus I have all the apps as well	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought these kindle fire tablets for Christmas presents for the grandkids... They love them. Good durable tablets at a great price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love my fire tablet, use it everyday from mail to games	Flatscreen TV
I got this for my dad for Christmas and he absolutely loves it. !!!	Flatscreen TV
Stay charged for a long tine. Prefect size for young kids.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for my mother as a gift because she was always watching me play games , surf the internet, check my email and message friends. She asked if the one she had could do all that and I new it wouldn't. She LOVES her new Fire.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for Basic use. Runs well for the price of $50.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A very handy device to have with you when you're on a budget and an active Amazon member. Works wonders as a Prime Member!	USB-C Charging Cable
If you don't have high expectations this is a good deal for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my grand kids. They really enjoy it.	iPhone
We are getting this as a christmas gift. I am so excited for out 7 year old to open it	Lightning Charging Cable
This Tablet was purchased as a gift for a friends mother who's not that handy with computers so this was perfect for her she loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Was a christmas gift for my daughter she loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was a gift to our granddaughter for Christmas and she was and is thrilledwith the device. She especially will use the Geek Squad information service.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is okay I guess, but not very user friendly. I probably wouldn't recommend to a friend for this reason	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It was nice for a 8year old she will be using it when we go on our family vacation this July. She was very happy to see it for Christmas. I did have to exchange the original one because It was broken when we purchased it. Took it back to best buy got a Brand new one . And didn't have any more problems.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price and tablet. Kid friendly, good parental controls, works very well!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought one of these tablets for my 5 year old son and he loves it. Very user friendly and many options of games and apps for free at Amazon.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Good for kids good for reading not good for much else	27in FHD Monitor
This is just perfect for my tween boy. It is easy for him to use and play games on while we are driving in the car.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my granddaughter so i could get mine back. She loves it as expected!	iPhone
This tablet I use for reading as well as free games.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This was a gift for my son he loves it great price point for an entry level tablet	20in Monitor
Good product for the price. Screen resolution is decent. Love the external memory card slot.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"...but WiFi isn't working great. I have love Amazon Kindles since my first one, replaced it with a 7"" Fire HD, then got 7"" Fires...multiple ones. Problem is the last 3 work with wifi for a while, then start having problems. Reset wireless modem worked for a while, then hard reset did, now won't work for wifi at all. Will keep trying, though."	27in FHD Monitor
Bought for my 14 year old son for Christmas. He likes the Amazon fire and using frequently...primarily for playing games. My husband has had one for several years and uses it every day.	Apple Airpods Headphones
If you are already an active Amazon prime member, kindle book buyer, etc. this is a no-brainer buy if you need an inexpensive tablet. High quality materials are used with a great deal of functionality at a very reasonable price point.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought the tablet at a great price. Wish i would have gotten more	Wired Headphones
Easy to navigatePerfect for little ones  Buy a screen protector too !	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's definitely not a top of the line tablet but great for the price the kids love it	Lightning Charging Cable
It is a great tablet for its price. I would recommend	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Price is great and my 6 year old LOVES it. Overall perfect.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was holding out til the price drop. Got it for $33 on Friday after thanksgiving. Love the tablet great for my little girl.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet as a gift for my daughter. Pretty sure she will love it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great device for the price, got it in a reasonable amount of time.	iPhone
Great tablet everything i wanted in a tablet thanks	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its an excellent tacky for the prices. It works well and the picture quality is excellent.	USB-C Charging Cable
Decent tablet. I knew it wouldn't be fast but it does get the job done and it was relatively cheap.	Wired Headphones
its a christmas gift so have not even opened it yet	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm a big fan of Kindle tablets so i got one for all the kids for christmas	Wired Headphones
The Amazon Tablets are the best out there and at the best prices. Full tablet functionality and access to all the Amazon media. Can't lose with these tablets.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Does what you would expect for the price. Not a spectacular device but it gets the job done.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good solid tablet for the price. Does alot of things	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
REASONABLY PRICED. HAS MANY FEATURES OF TABLET COSTING MUCH MORE. DAUGHTER REALLY LIKES IT.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazing value for money tablet !!!Best in this price point.Got it for 39$ on sale from Brst Buy.Solid built and quite a rugged product.	Wired Headphones
"I bought this Kindle 7"" fire for my granddaughter. She has used my fiire HDX and was used to the format, so it is working out great for her. Still I wanted something inexpensive in case anything destructive happened I would not have much money involved. We are very happy with it."	Flatscreen TV
brought this to replace a tablet that my girlfriend lost it's perfect for her it fits her hand and she can still do most of the things that she did on her old tablet way to go Amazon	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Small and compact but great for reading books and gaming. Will try Netflix down loads next.	27in FHD Monitor
this is a great tablet at a great price. unfortunately it can't connect to google play without hacking. if that's what you need, look at the acer tablet. if you are looking for an inexpensive fire tablet, you can't go wrong with this.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very Nice tablet. Works very well. No issues. Nice video, and excellentwireless wifi, just a very smooth unit.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased the tablet for my mother in law to use to read ebooks and play online games. It was very user friendly and a great price and product for our needs.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Gave this to my son for Christmas. He loves it. Speed is good for what he does and battery life seems good enough for him.	Wired Headphones
not a i-pad that's for sure, but doesn't meant I don't enjoy it. If you have amazon prime membership - this is a no brainer. its not so preciousness allows me pass it to others without the stress.	Wired Headphones
Purchased this for my 5 year old daughter so she could watch cartoons on Netflix. It's very durable, I use it sometimes myself, not a powerful as an iPad mini or galaxy tab but very good for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product!! It was easy enough for my ten year old to use. Also it was easy to set it up for her. I highly recommend it for the price!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I AM GLAD I GOT ONE FOR CHRISTMAS E A SECOND ONE FOR NEW YEARS!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for my mom 4 days before Christmas with 2 day free shipping. It arrived on time with no issues. My mom loves it! She likes to read digital books and watch Netflix and this tablet allows her to do both. She also loves that it's small enough to fit in her purse and Bluetooth capable.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Simple but effitient. I bought it to use mainly as a good cost benefit music player device. The Fire has some limited apps for the purpose I get it but it works fine. As I had no tablets yet I discovered I can use it for other things. Yes, it works fine as a tablet and I am learning to love it.	Wired Headphones
great purchase very pleased with our tablet!!!!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome tablet, easy to get through! My son love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very useful to keep my little cousins occupied with educational games	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my Step-daughter for Christmas and she loves it so much I asked for one for myself!	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for Christmas and my daughter loves it. $50.00 for a tablet is a great deal.	Wired Headphones
Tablet runs well and the form factor is decent for such a cheap tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for $35 on Black Friday. Has some built in ads on the lock screen and does not include play store. After replacing the system with cyanogen mod 12.1, it's amazing - fast, nice battery, great build quality, glass screen.... Can't ask for more for under $65 or $75 minimum.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was able to grab this tablet for $35 during black friday. I was surprised at how great this little tablet was for that price. I would definitely recommend it if you can grab for that great price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Can't complain about the value of this kindle for a great price. Gets the job done and is perfect for my 4 year olds studies and games.	27in FHD Monitor
It's prefect for everyone, from my kids to us adults less tech savvy!	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet for my daughter and she absolutely loves it. And they come in colors now.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my father as he is in his 60s and never had a tablet before. He loves it and it works for all his needs.	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon's Free Time is a great tool for parents, making this a very good tablet for young kids. You can control when the Kindle turns off at night and when it can be turned on in the morning. You can control how many hours it can be used before shutting down, or you can specify hours by activity--books, videos, and apps/games. You can even set goals, such as 1 hour of books before allowing videos and games. And you control exactly what content they can access. And when your kid's not using it, you can use it yourself with your own unrestricted profile.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had a Kindle earlier and rarely used it because the interface did not feel reading-friendly. This one is better. I am using it for two textbooks and find the interface improved. The purchase came with a free month of amazon prime which was a plus -- even though I decided not to renew after the month was over.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Does what it says it does and is small and convenient!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I give 1 of these put every month at work. It normally goes to their kids so they are the awesome parents.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This Kindle is great for the price. However, there are some downsides to paying for a $50 tablet. The battery life goes very quickly, so daily charges are necessary if you're a heavy reader. You also can't save anything of merit like books or magazines to a mini-SD card, thus making a purchase of one a waste of time and money.	Wired Headphones
This is my husband's first Kindle, and he is so happy that he enjoys it. He plays on it almost every night.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet works great for my 7 year old son. He loves it. The app store has plenty of apps. I would recommend.	Wired Headphones
You can't beat the amazon fire tablet. especially for only $50!! I bought one of these for each of the kiddos and one for myself. With the amazon prime membership these tablets are on FIRE	Wired Headphones
Excellent tablet and you can't beat the price. Make great gifts for Birthdays or for Christmas.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my niece and she seems to love it. Great for netflix and playing games. Of course you can also read books just like all kindles.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Best at its price. Just bought it because its less when compared ot other leading tablets. good for Skype.	Lightning Charging Cable
"This is the possibly the best Tablet if you are an Amazon store/prime centric user. But, it doesn't include the Google Play Store and doesn't include most / any of the Google apps, which are stables in the Tablet world. No Google Inbox, etc. For me, this tablet is a ""skip"". But, it's cheap and if it meets your needs you might love it."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"If you have an Amazon Prime membership, so that you are getting all of the videos and music, then this is a great table for tossing in your bag when on the go. It;s not the highest end, but works great with the Amazon features for a great price"	iPhone
It works great for all like to surf on the internet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this along with the kids version for my two year old grandson this one stays at my hose the Kids version at home with his parents he loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
I loved it. Not only was the price good, but 8gb of memory is phenomenal!	Apple Airpods Headphones
$50 for a tablet is amazing. It does what it needs to do with not alot if frills.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a good tablet for the money. Recommended for first time tablet owners.	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm an avid android user, however you'd be very hard pressed to find an android tablet of this quality in this price range. The quality of this Amazon Fire tablet is really great. It is not HD, but that doesn't matter to my 9 year old, who uses it to play games and listen to music. It has extremely robust parental controls, allowing parents to set a child profile and then set screen time limits, bedtimes, and limit content available. The child profile is actually a little too restrictive in my opinion, as I think my 9 year old could handle something in between full unrestricted access to amazon content and kiddie games only. Overall I am very happy with this purchase.	Wired Headphones
Great value. I don't have any issues with this tablet. Some others mentioned ebooks were difficult to read but I don't have that problem. The storage is tight so I added a 64GB card to it. I use it every day.	27in FHD Monitor
The Kindle fire tablet I purchased, is great for what I use it for, comparing prices&stores research, reading .perfect.best bang for your buck.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Finally a perfect tablet for my son. With the addition of the memory card my son is able to play the apps he wants and still have his school apps on it! I am still able to use the parental settings to keep him safe. We all really enjoy this new Kindle and the price!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the Fire - play games on it every day. It is small enough to carry with you but powerful enough to watch movies.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I absolutely love this tablet. I check my e-mail. I watch movies. The only thing I DO NOT like about the tablet is that it sometimes have problems taking you to the correct site. But you must remember that it is a tablet, NOT an computer. I find all in all the picture is clear and the sound is wonderful also it has unlimited cloud storage which is good and when you download a picture it takes just a few minutes. Amazon Prime is a must however or you will be spending a lot of money to view movies and read books as almost everything available cost money. Prime is a money saver and it lasts a full year. It also comes with free shipping. I tried it and it is good. I receive my purchases in 2 days. Prime is the way to go if you purchase this tablet because it comes with a lot of perks.	Flatscreen TV
These were purchased as Christmas presents for my grandchildren. However I did open the packages to be sure they were fully charged and updated. I was surprised at how fast the response time was and how easy they are to navigate. My grandchildren are going to love them!	20in Monitor
Not a bad bargain. Excedes my expectation! Dont let the price make you doubt it. Runs smoothly on any app and the battery life is OK.	Google Phone
I love watching FiOS on this tablet! I like that I can check my emails and go onfacebook at the same time.	USB-C Charging Cable
I AM LIKING IT SO FAR JUST FOR BASIC USE. READING AND SOME WORK VERY LIGHT. GOT A WIRELESS KEYBOARD TO GO ALONG WITH IT EASY TO CONNECT. NO problems very happy.	ThinkPad Laptop
I purchased this Amazon Kindle Fire for my mother. She is new to technology and loves this tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Have the smaller Fire HD tablet and was looking at the larger tablets but read the reviews and when this tablet came on sale at an extremely great price, purchased this one. Am very happy with it although the photo quality is not as good as my Samsung Galaxy, it is fine in most lighting situations. It's features are good and would purchase it again.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use. Great for someone who wants to play some games and use simple apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the tablet. The only negative is that google apps don't work, but for the money, I don't really care that much. I mostly just use it to read	Lightning Charging Cable
I like it for the price but did notice some flaws.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this product since my wife purchasers a number of books from amazon. We also wanted easy access to our emails.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice to review photos on mini sd card but, disappointed that photos can't be downloaded to the hard drive. Better camera with ability to see what you are taking pictures rather than 3rd generation which only has only one camera lens.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My 11 year old daughter loves it!! This product surpassed expectations.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good small affordable tablet gets the job done very nice.	Wired Headphones
I bought it for my son and he loves it. For the price you can ' t beat it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Did not care for this product. Had difficulty downloading some Aps.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son uses it in his therapy to track his program. It is the perfect size.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this as a present for my son. He likes to read and watch shows in youtube. For his age, i think this is perfect. It does the same as ipad mini.	USB-C Charging Cable
Sadly no having netflix support is resulting in my last tablet purchase from Amazon.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my 19 year old nephew for Xmas. He's currently enrolled in his sophomore year in college. I figured he could use this for some homework, projects but also for fun. After taking out and playing with it a little bit, I bought another for my mom and my 13 year old niece!	27in FHD Monitor
You get what you pay for with this product. There are better tablets, but this is a wonderful product for the low price.	iPhone
Overall couldn't be more happier with the tablet works great for the price of it I would def recommend to my friends	Lightning Charging Cable
Overall, this is a decent tablet. Quite easy to set up. Takes a few minutes to run the updates, but you'll be up and running in 15 minutes or less,Build quality-- very impressive, this is not a cheap feeling device. it has a nice weight, and is very solid feeling. the back of the device is a plastic type material but overall nice.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So far I've had my Fire Tablet for over a month. Its my first tablet. The lack of the Googlke Play store means the Amazon apps are pretty limited, but I found avway around that. The front camera is grainy but acceptance while using Skype. Battery doesn't last long, and it seems to take hours to recharge. For a $50 first tablet, I suppose those are acceptable flaws. Feels robust in the hand, though the plastic casing reminds you of its materials if you hold it tight.	20in Monitor
this is Great for reading books or doodling at work.	27in FHD Monitor
resolution a little low on the screen, but excellent tablet for the price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this tablet for our son and there were a lot of free downloadable educational games and apps. Amazon also gave us $25 to purchase apps and ebooks!	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchase this for my wife that she can use as an e-reader. You truly enjoys it. She takes it to her book club meetings and she uses it more than her iPad.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really enjoy reading much more. Especially like the rotate feature	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is a well made tablet. Be sure to get a sd card as the memory is not great. The Amazon underground with totally free games and apps is worth the purchase alone. You do not need Amazon Prime subscription service to enjoy this little tablet. Go on and purchase one for 50.00 you wont regret the purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is great for the price. We ended up purchasing 6 of them. It is great for the kids and is very functional. I think the price helped lower my stress level where the kids are concerned, but it is very sturdy. Would purchase again.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I purchased the Amazon Fire 7"" Tablet for 49.99 and I have to admit for it being my first tablet, it works great and I have no complaints so far."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this to read books and check out ebooks from the library. I love it and it's easy to use. This is in color and you can even play games on it. It's small enough to fit in my purse so while I'm at appointments I can read and if my son gets board, he can play games.	USB-C Charging Cable
For it's price point, this is a great little tablet. As long as your not looking for something to do everything, you'll be happy. This was given as a gift and the recipient was very happy with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet as a Christmas gift for one of my grandchildren, so they won't get it until then. It hasn't even been opened at this time. Overall rating is based on product reviews.	27in FHD Monitor
this was a gift for my mom, she loves it!!! works great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
little gem does so much for such an amazing price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great, easy to carry. Covers my needs when traveling.	Lightning Charging Cable
Meets expectations consistent with the price. I don't really use it for anything. It simply can't replace my iPad. Both the screen quality and battery life are poor relative to my iPad 4 from a few years ago, so I haven't found a use for this Kindle Fire. Generally it just feels cheap and the user interface not as clean as the iPad. I think it's value is consistent with the low price point.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got it for my son he loves it very good for travel	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a nice tablet. It has a really good clear screen.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for the price.. Good for gifting, if you don't want to spend too much :)	Wired Headphones
It amazes me that this tablet is less than fifty dollars. Is it going to replace an ipad? No but it's not meant to. It is great for watching hulu and net flix. Amazon underground is pretty amazing also. Well worth $50. If you are on the fence about it just buy it. You won't regret it at all.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
As a tablet noob this was the perfect tablet to start with simple to use and even simpler to understand. I like every thing about it now I want a larger screen.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my nephew and he loved it. Great purchase	Lightning Charging Cable
You get what you pay for, with that being said. For 50 bucks i'ts great. It's not super fast wont play heavy games. But, it will netflix and read books fine. Screen is plastic, not glass like most so it scratches VERY VERY easily.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for kids or adults. Can't beat the price for what this tablet can do. Just as good as the more expensive tables, just need to buy extra memory	Flatscreen TV
great tablet for the size. will be giving this to the kids from santa this year.	ThinkPad Laptop
I have owned many tablets in the $250 and below range. This is great for the $. A bargain with lots of utility at only $50!	Wired Headphones
This tablet is great for a kid or it is amazing in quality for $49.99	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought two of these for my daughters. Works great for the kids and if they drop them and break your not out a huge chunk of money like you would be for an IPad.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Download is slow but after its on the tablet. It works great good buy	iPhone
Works fine for a $50 basic tablet/reader. Other functions, not so great. Very entry level.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was purchased for my daughter. She absolutely loves this tablet. It's a perfect size for her. She has not stopped using it since we gave it to her. It's an excellent product to keep her busy and entertained. The graphics are awesome. The price we paid was well worth it. We will keep shopping at Best Buy	Bose SoundSport Headphones
All I need,Great table great screen works as it should.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
An excellent tablet for such an affordable price!!!!	20in Monitor
I bought this expecting the same quality i have received in the previous 3 kindles I purchased. I am disappointed. I like the price. The home screen is just all the apps right in your face, not just the ones you want, like in the older version kindle fire. I mostly use it for reading books, and so far I'm dissatisfied. It's great to swipe to the next page, but when I want to go to settings or something else while reading I find it difficult to open. Instead the page just turns and by the time I finally get to the book settings, I've lost my spot! I downloaded the Facebook app and it's very slow. Maybe it's Amazons way of telling me that's what I get for $50 but come on. Sometimes I like to use the kindle to search the web and that too is slow. I compared it to my older version and there is a noticible difference in speed. I know there are other cool user tools, but for me I mostly use it to read and check Facebook and maybe Pinterest. It's priced well if you want it for kids, it's user friendly and my kids have already figured out all the options. I would recommend it for kids or for people who are technologically not savvy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Quite simple: it's a kindle fire tablet. It does exactly what it should do as a tablet attached to a reader. I like that I can send things from my desktop to my kindle. It streams well, and it works well with my Bluetooth keyboard. This is actually what convinced me to do a year of Prime. Next year we'll see how it goes if I renew, but so far so good. The lock screen shows a different advert, but that's not so bad...it's only a lock screen.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Did what I needed it to do took back to get a bigger size	Wired Headphones
I bought it for my nieces and nephews and they loved it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It works great, its just not quite what I wanted for my daughter.	Flatscreen TV
et me start by saying, please do not buy this tablet expecting it to be comparable to an Ipad or Samsung tablet. I think the people who expect that are the ones who are disappointed by its features.I personally love this tablet. I wanted a tablet so that I could read, check emails, watch shows ( Hulu, Netflix, AMC), shop online and do some web surfing. I am a pretty simple gal. I did not expect much when purchasing this tablet. I assumed the picture quality would be fairly poor, that it would load pretty slowly, and that I would be unable to download most of the apps I wanted. It wouldn't have bothered me, being that I believe you get what you pay for ( and I could not afford an Ipad or Samsung at the moment). Boy was I proven wrong.I was pleasantly surprised at the picture quality from the moment I turned it on. I have had other tablets ( and paid about the same) with terrible picture quality. I actually love watching my shows on this tablet because it is as if I am watching them on my television.This tablet loads pretty darn quickly. I have never had an issue with it loading slowly or getting stuck.I have been able to download EVERY app that I wanted, except Instagram ( oh well, no biggie). And me being the Amazon freak that I am, I was happy to see Amazon apps pre-loaded onto the tablet ( shopping, music etc. ). Speaking of music, the sound quality is pretty great too!I am very very happy with this purchase, it really is a steal. I would buy another for sure.	20in Monitor
No issues with the product. I am a satisfied customer.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my young nephew to watch videos on the go. It was to replace his iPad mini. This tablet does everything that he was doing on the iPad, is easy to use, and only a fraction of the cost. The advertising on it is a bit annoying, but can not complain with the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is easy to set up and easy to use. You can use it to watch videos from the Amazon Prime video or listen to music with the Amazon Prime music or read on the Kindle. Great value for everything you get.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my second Kindle tablet and I couldn't be any happier. I primarily use my tablet to read comics, they have the best comic reader on any device to read your CBZ files (ComicCat). Now that you can upgrade and add extra memory the 50 price tag can't be beat by rival companies. Great for the kids. If they break it it's not as bad as breaking say an IPAD at a minimum of 300.00 dollars.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son bought this and he loves it. And it's cheap!	USB-C Charging Cable
This little tablet is awsome for the price. Great for the kids too! Perfect for reading books, playing games, surfing the web. I am very pleased with my tablet! Will be buying more for gifts this holiday season!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Best thing that has come out of Amazon factory for a long time $50 for a table and the underground app store makes it more worth than the price you pay. No complains.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my niece she loves it !! Easy to use and good size.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"My view comes from being only a IPad user. And my purchase purpose was for a very young granddaughter whose sole purpose right now is to steal my Ipad to watch YouTube cartoons, and she operates it very well.I'm giving this 3 stars because I'm returning this in less than 24 hours. So I didn't give this much of a chance. First it seems it REALLY wants you to sign up for Amazon Free Time ($4.99 month). Guessing my experience would be a whole lot smoother if I did that.So created the child profile on the tablet, moved the YouTube app to the profile. Opened the app and got selections for Popular, Music, Movies etc... Could not locate a ""search"" feature. After repeated tapping, got Music to open. Only to get a warning that ""this content is restricted in the Amazon Free Time app"". What? So I have to join to unlock YouTube? I'm technically savy so the fact that I was frustrated didn't bear well for the granddaughter. Maybe there was another way around this but I didn't look. Should not have to.Couple this with the random ads for games, Amazon Prime, etc that pops up and that was enough for me. So going back to get a Windows tablet where you click on the YouTube app you get what you are expecting without restrictions. For the $49.99 price I had to try this. But not for me."	Lightning Charging Cable
Better quality then most tablets in same price range. I still suggests the accident protection plan or at least a okay case for it. Ads on lock screen is a bit of a let down but it functions like its supposed to.	iPhone
Great value. My kids love it and use it often. Really helps them with homework.	Wired Headphones
This tablet is a great tablet for a great price. It meets your needs of a tablet -from Internet surfing to reading your favorite books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
You can't beat the price...Picked this one up for only $60 from Best Buy..I like the additional control parents have with kindles. It's great when you want to limit your kid's time on youtube, games etc. I would certainly recommend this to a friend..	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my wife. The Google app store and 8 gigs of memory were just what she was looking for.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my 10 year old son so he could read books and of course play games. I bought a 16gb micro SD card to use with it because I knew the 8gb wouldn't be enough.My son loves it! He reads his books and plays all types of games. And thanks to the Amazon Underground app most of his games are free. While this tablet doesn't have enough power for me it is perfect for him!	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for the price hard to beat it!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Love it the size easy to carry and store would recommend to others	
Person really likes the gift. Says it is ideal for his needs and then plus. Easy travel size as well.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for my son who has a speech disability. He uses it to communicate as well as play games. Great parental controls	34in Ultrawide Monitor
App selection is very difficult too much Amazon sales have not been able to get my Reward Zone points tried to purchase app but was unsuccessful	Wired Headphones
It works well my granddaughter loves it she plays on it everyday	Wired Headphones
I love this tablet. It does a lot more then my previous one which cost almost 4 times the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love Amazon tablets. You got the best of Amazon and android apps in one device. And, for $50, you can't beat the value! I highly recommend purchasing this tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"I brought a bargain tablet about a year ago and ended up very disappointed in the browsing speed. I basically wanted a tablet for quick web searches without having to boot my PC. I was nervous to try again, but am SO glad I did. The Amazon Fire $50 tablet is AWESOME for quick surfing tasks. I also use the Kindle e-reader app on it, and this works well too. The reason for my 4-star rating (instead of 5) is two-fold, but both are related to apps. My first issue is the Yahoo email app - for some reason I don't have access to my contacts in it! I didn't realize this at first when I was just reading emails, but trying to send an email was awful... it took about a half hour because I had to dig through my inbox for emails from the people I wanted to send to so I could find their address to put in the TO box of the new message I was creating. What a pain! The other issue is that the app world is dominated by ""for iPhone"" and ""for Android"", so you may be severely limited in what you can find for this tablet because it doesn't fit neatly into one of those two categories. However these are minor annoyances and not the primary reason why I wanted a tablet. So if you need to do quick Internet searches/research or want to use the eReader, then you cannot beat this price for the quality you receive. Love, love, love my new Amazon Fire tablet!!!"	34in Ultrawide Monitor
So with that said, I cannot complain. I purchased this so I could have something inexpensive, small and could throw in my purse or pocket to read school books on the go. I own an iPad Air 2. I paid $450 for that, so it's not fair to compare the two.Of course Amazon doesn't have the apps that Apple has. If you're looking for something to read books on, but to be able to hop online from time to time on a screen bigger than a smartphone, this is it.The screen resolution isn't top of the line, the audio isn't great, but you can watch Amazon video, youtube and other streaming services on this table.If you know the capabilities of this tablet, then you won't have your expectations set too high. With that said, comparing this to any other $49 tablet, this wins. With the low-end cost of this, if I had the finances, I'd find an under privileged school district and buy these for them. The features of setting these up for educational time for kids is great. If you haven't already exposed your kid to iPads, I'd recommend one of these.I think the Fire would also be good for someone who isn't a techy. I don't even consider the camera on this. They could have left that off of the device, but I suppose if you purchase one of these for grandma, she can use it to skype the grandkids. I just see a lot of possibility for this because of the features and cost.	27in FHD Monitor
I went to purchase a new tablet because I had misplaced my old one. I told the sales person in that department that I was interested in one of the cheaper tablets that you have on display and he asked me if I had ever owned a Kendal. I told him that I had purchased 2 of them previously and really liked them. He then told me that the newest Kendal had just been delivered 2 weeks previously and it was only $48.99. I said WOW that's a great price for a Kendal and of course that is what I purchased. The sales person was very polite and professional. I really enjoyed the experience.	USB-C Charging Cable
Friendly user for kids enjoyed being able to read books.	
Looks good, works great and light enough to carry in your pocket. would be much better if it would a compaters (nook) APP.	iPhone
If you don't mind the slow performance, it is a good tablet for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 10 year old granddaughter loves to read. She can now download books from the local library as wall as other websites. This is a wonderful tool for a child that loves to read	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my son. i really liked the price compared to other brands.	Wired Headphones
And now I say cheap but not in the pejorative sense. Good price and with great functionality. Many uses. Reading. Surfing the web. Games. Love it all.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent for what I or family want to use it for and the price IS nice!	USB-C Charging Cable
I love it. Good Camera and perfect for surfing the web.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This device is user friendly. It is easily transported. There are many wonderful apps to choose from. The price is fabulous!A great gift for Santa to bring!!!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a really good tablet for the price. I was amazed! If you're on with the amazon app store(aka underground) then you'll love this tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I would say this is great for kids, but the apps are very limited. There are only a few good free apps in the kindle store. The battery life is very poor. The volume is either loud or it can't be heard. It's hard to find a good middle ground. Overall it's still a good tablet for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet replaces a tablet I've had for several years and I am very pleased with its flexibility and size. I'll expand it with apps as yet unknown. I expect it to fit in with my home network.	iPhone
We bought this for our 6 yr old kid. It is easy to use and the battery lasts for several hours.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
awesome tablet the best i ever bought for $50 great screen great angles and fast even two months in and alot of apps bought it for my little sister and two months later still going strong	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the best tablet that has ever come on the market for $49!	iPhone
I bought this to test before I bought more as Christmas gifts for my grand kids. Seems to work fine	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good tablet. I had to re-purchase apps through Amazon because Google play is not compatible	USB-C Charging Cable
For wife, she likes it. Good to read and play games on	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
After our Insignia tablet died, I purchased two of these so my daughter and I didn't have to share. We both love it! Easy for her (9) to use for games, music, movies. Good battery life and fairly quick charging. Great value.	Wired Headphones
For the price & quality this produce is great for gifts or for the person that likes to read on the go.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is easy to use but if you need to use play store, so I don't recommended because it doesn't have	Lightning Charging Cable
"The 7"" Amazon Fire tablet starts up and loads application real fast and works wonderful. The battery life is not as long as my 7"" Fire HDX."	Lightning Charging Cable
what an amazing find! I was looking for a gift for my relative, somthing thoughtful, yet not too expensive. And here it was: Perfect size, and light, access to the internet, working great for a friendly price. Just today I received another text from my relative how happy she was with it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This cute little tablet has all the great features of an iPad mini plus more. Great for kids and adults!	Google Phone
This is just what I needed - great price - great tablet. I am a Math Teacher and I use this tablet in my classroom to award Class Dojo points and check on progress in Moby Max Math. This was perfect for me.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 3 of these. They are great and very durable . . The price is amazing .	Macbook Pro Laptop
Works as any other kindle fire. Does have advertisements, but for $49, can't beat the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I had 2 other tablets that worked terrible. It wouldn't even take e-books from the Library! But this is the perfect balance between an e-reader that could get boring to some people, & a tablet, that uses up the battery real quick. And you don't have to connect to a computer to download the e-books either, which is a real convenience!! So I would have to say this cute little tablet is really a lifesaver for a lot of really Poor people, that can't afford to buy expensive electronics. If they lose it, breaks. or gets stolen, they could easily just go buy a brand new one. The goal is to stay connected to the mainstream. It is easy to carry on the bus, bring to the park, maybe a classroom, or library, dining room, coffee shop. And not a big worry about losing a lot of $, if it got lost. Plus, with the ""Amazon Cloud"", You would never lose any of the e-books, that you paid for, & can use on all you devices. This should be considered a Gift-package from Amazon, especially for new people that never had a chance to own their very Tablet, & always have to run to the library, or borrow someone else's. Penny"	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very satisfied so far. Easy to use and great price	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product. This is my 2nd one. My first one was stolen. It is very user friendly.	USB-C Charging Cable
I like the Kindle Fire. I use it to access my movies and apps. I use it for my gaming apps.	ThinkPad Laptop
This tablet is a great price and perfect for kids, however the picture quality could be better	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was perfect for my 10 year old. She bought it with her own money because it was so affortable.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my kids and they love it! Amazon on top again	Macbook Pro Laptop
My daughter would not read before she got her kindle. She love this and now reads all the time. Books are cheaper and less space needed in your home. Great games.	Wired Headphones
I think it's good for a first tablet. i m use to the Ipad so this is taking some getting use to.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this because I saw it on Amazon.com. I the. Went to BB just to see if they had it in stock. I fooled with the demo for about a minute and decided it was good enough to spend the $50 on. If I didn't want it I could give it to my mom or something. This thing has really impressed me. I have an iPad and an iPhone 6s. The kindle isn't near the performance of those guys but I was looking to step outside my ecosystem and just get a feel for something new. Besides, Amazon can do no wrong. Bottom line is that it's a greater starter tablet...something to have on the nightstand and let the company use.	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet is incredibly inexpensive. I have an iPad mini, a windows tablet and another older Fire tablet and this newest version is one of the best tablets I have seen! It's quick, has a great screen and the battery is great. I bought this to take on a trip to SF and used it both ways on the plane to watch movies I had downloaded and used it over the weekend while I was there and didn't have to charge it the whole time. I like that they moved away from the carousel and just have the app icons listed the way they are now. I have recommended this to a lot of my friends, especially the ones with kids.	USB-C Charging Cable
I enjoy my fire tablet and I like it is HD picture	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Outstanding product at a great price. I previously hand a Kindle reader and the 7"" Fire is a much improved product."	iPhone
I purchased this as a gift for my great aunt. It's easy to use and light enough for her to carry around.	Lightning Charging Cable
At 50$ this is an absolute steal deal for any one who wants to have a tab to watch movies on the go and carry music and small games.Good for kids and travellers	iPhone
I just ordered mind 5 minutes ago is this the newest edition the 2015 kindle some of my friends got this and I heard it is such a great tablet	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this product for a 2 year old. It is easy enough for her to operate. She almost can operate it better than I can.	Google Phone
I enjoy it had one before It's wonderful I I read my book's on it and play games.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the price.I would recommend this to friends and family	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My 9 yr old daughter loves to play with it. Be careful children don't order prime.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My kids are always arguing about who gets to play on my iPad. This should eliminate the arguments, it's a good tablet that is expandable and for $50 you can't go wrong.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i play games, read books, watch movies, surf the web. love the expansion capability	27in FHD Monitor
I got two Fires for the kids to tool around on while they're learning how to use a tablet and they are great. They're fast, HD, and have expandable storage.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is inexpensive and user friendly for my toddler. He loves it and uses great educational apps.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is fantastic for the price. It's as good or better than my first fire. The only differences are this one has only 8 gb's of storage but has front and rear cameras. It runs as fast as the other and the resolution is as good.	Wired Headphones
games are excellent and great books to read as well	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought one of these for myself and another for my sister. Overall I am very satisfied with my purchase, it's an overall good value. The OS is very clean and simple to navigate and based on android. I was able to install the Play store without rooting the device by simply installing the apks. Overall it works great with Amazon apps and those I've installed from the play store. The sound quality is fair though the one speaker is a little low at times. Screen quality is good, not HD but decent. The most lackluster part of the tablet is the front facing VGA and non-auto focus rear cam -- I was unable to scan some barcodes with the rear camera. However, at this price point you get a lot for your money. I especially like the amazon underground apps that are totally free and add to the value of the tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I needed this for my two six year olds to be able to use during our drive to Disney. You are unable to get most apps that are offered on iTunes and android market so I returned.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bday gift for my 10 year old. He loves it! And the price was perfect.	Wired Headphones
Works great. I bought this for my 7 year old after she broke her other kindle. It works just as good as her Kindle fire HD but it was way cheaper. There's not a lot of storage but for $50 I won't complain.	Wired Headphones
Great performance for the money, however if you are looking to read in bright sunlight it is not ideal.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet isn't the brightest, lightest, fastest, thinnest tablet on the market, but i have Amazon Prime and it allows me to shop, do a little gaming, watch videos and movies, listen to music, read books, and browse the internet. I mean really, what else do you do with a tablet. More that satisfied.	Flatscreen TV
Great item and great price. Use it mainly for books, but good enough for basic internet activity	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I would recommend this tablet , I bought a few other tablets for my younger kids same price , the orbo and wimo but unlike those.. This tablet runs super smooth, install all your xbmc's and kodi's .. Great screen very clear, picture seems better than my iphone 6s plus #shrugs	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for price. Wish the Amazon App store had more apps. Overall good especially for prices.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for children at this price...makes good Christmas gift	Apple Airpods Headphones
This 7 inch tablet exceeded my expectations and then some. I was apprehensive about having advertising on the wake-up screen, but with a simple swipe of the thumb it goes away with no waiting. It streams Netflix and UV copies from Flixster with zero lag and no buffering. Expandable memory, (Micro SD). This is basically an android tablet, so if you have experience using that platform, you will have no trouble navigating the settings menu, etc. There is no Google Play store access, however, the Amazon App store is available and is pretty impressive. The resolution of the screen is sharp and clear. One of my complaints with my old tablet was the visibilty when viewing at an angle, but this tablet does not have the same issue. All in all, this $50 tablet is the best value I have seen, as it outperforms the dual core $250 tablet I just replaced. If you are looking for a 7 inch tablet, you can NOT go wrong with this one.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was for an employee appreciation event, the prize winner was very excited about winning the Amazon Fire!	LG Dryer
I purchased this for my dad as his first tablet and he loves it. Technically, it's not a powerhouse but for the price it's the nicest little tablet you can get your hands on. It's perfect for a child, to use in the kitchen while cooking or kill time in the bathroom. Looks-wise it's pleasing and feels good in the hand.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
don't care much for it you have to purchase any apps that r used on daily basis	Vareebadd Phone
love this. I didn't want anything super big or bulky. something simple for a few fun app games	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
wanted for email/streaming video /audio great price	Lightning Charging Cable
This Tablet anonymous me so much simple apps like You Tube are a hassle to get and unless you know about .apk you are lost. Great for readers and simple web surfing. I do like the free games from underground. My unit arrived damage. Amazon replacing let's see how that goes.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I use this tablet mostly for reading manga but I also enjoyed reading books on it. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that I can't install all android apps in it. Other than than, it's light weight, compact, easy to use. I take it everywhere with me. Amazing deal for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love it! It's great for what I wanted to do with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I never thought I would buy a Kindle fire but I had purchased prime and discovered to be part of their lending library you have to use an Amazon product. Well, lucky for me Amazon had just released this 7"" Fire. I purchased it thinking the worst that could happen is I would be out $50.00. Well to my surprise the little tablet works very well. It is a perfect complement to the prime service and I have been very, very pleased. It is not a Samsung or an Ipad by no means but for what it can do it does it very well. I guess the best part to me like I said is it compliments the prime service beautifully. The O.S. system is almost flawless for watching Videos or reading books or the internet. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that it is not as good as the others overall but for $50.00 it is well worth it."	Flatscreen TV
This is a very good starter tablet. We have purchased several others that did not perform as well. The no-name brands do not have the clear display that this one does.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for my mom as a birthday day gift. She loves it. This is her first tablet and shes learning how to use it. I was very impressed with how quick and responsive it was. Also it has an excellent display and runs just like 200+ tablets, Will play all your favorite apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great product at a great price! They will make great first time tablets for kids.	Wired Headphones
Got this tablet for my 6 year old and she loved it. Easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was a little concerned about the advertised display resolution, but it's good enough for my uses. It's not as sharp as a lot of the other tablets on the market, but it only cost $50. That makes it so I'm not so concerned if it gets broken or lost. I've watched some videos on it and the display seems fine. Mostly I use it to read e-mails and surf the web. As this is my first tablet, I'm still learning about its capabilities and limitations. I've taken only a few photos on it and it is not as sharp as a lot of other phone/tablet cameras, but still serviceable.	27in FHD Monitor
I like this tablet very much. For the price I couldn't ask for more. Very user friendly. Very kid friendly too.	iPhone
"I love this tablet. It works very well. I bought it because I love to read ebooks and read the Bible app. Having a 7"" screen makes this easy.As far as apps go, it has Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and tumblr available. It does not have Instagram available in the app store. I knew that going into it, because I've owned kindle fire tablets in the past.This Fire is so lightweight, and I love that. One tablet I owned previously was almost too heavy for my purse.This tablet has a browser, called the Silk browser, and it works well, although I don't use it for that.When it comes to games, the appstore has most of all the popular ones like candy crush. Pandora is also available.This Fire is an excellent value for the money, and I truly mean that. Perfect for kids too"	ThinkPad Laptop
This is my first Tablet and I love it!!Easy to understand and there are so many apps I read a sample book and I like the huge selection of books,newspapers and magazines The lighting is perfect easy on the eyes	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Highly recommend purchasing as a starter tablet and/or for a younger child. Internet access through Silk Browser and most common apps available through App Store.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the price especially if you are a Amazon Prime member, very pleased, makes a great gift.	USB-C Charging Cable
The tablet works nice for reading and surfing the internet. It also has decent choice of games to download from Amazon. It also plays video decent, but the resolution on the screen on the screen is a little lacking, It is not an iPad Air, but as a basic tablet it functions well for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a really good device for those who want a cheep tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon tablet great gift, love the 6 pack gift idea	27in FHD Monitor
I have a desktop at home but this will let me know whats going on at all times......	Wired Headphones
The price on this tablet is unbeatable. The performance is above what we expected. If you are looking for something to use at home then this is it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this Fire HD 7 for my son - he loves it!! I would certainly recommend it to friends and family.	iPhone
A little slow loading compared to my HDX which just had the screen broken, so needed a less expensive replacement. Great for reading books of course!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my granddaughter.. She love it..got a great warrant also	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this tab for my 3 year old daughter. Shes always on my phone or tablet so got her her very own. It has all the functions and apps she likes and uses not to hard to use and gets the job done for the right price. She is 3 so she will drop and be rough with the tablet seems sturdy enough and not expensive that it's going to break the bank if she damages it	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my 3rd kindle and my 2nd kindle fire. I bought this fire because of the upgrade ability and my 1st fire didn't have that, Before I bought my 1st kindle, I compared all my choices and found this one to be the best for the money and I love my kindle so much I bought on for my daughter , It has a lot more then the original fire did, more Apps can be used, it connects to Goodreads, if you do that, which I do, and it has a camera. It's more like a tablet than just only a e-reader. A little different set up than the original fire but not that hard to get used to, buttons are bigger for the power and the volume, which is a plus.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This just a great tablet. A co_worker was saying that it is no as sophisticated as her $600 tablet and it isn't. But I can put one of these in every room in my house and still have money left over. This is one of the best $50 I ever spent.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchase for test because cost less than $50, work awesome, faster, easy to use and good product by the price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I seem to enjoy this in most catagories. Wasn't sure about the tall and narrow screen layout at first with reading books, but when placed side by side with old ereader, no strain to learn new layout. Only thing not happy about is the lack of under $10 cases. Not wanting to spend $25 and up for a $49 unit. I'm sure that will change. This is a real good product in a usually subpar price point. I think this will be a game changer.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased this tablet for my nephew and it's amazing.	Flatscreen TV
I got this cheap tablet as a gift for a kid. They can play games, watch videos, and surf the web at a very reasonable price. The performance is pretty good for only a $50 tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet as a cheap replacement for my son's tablet that stopped working suddenly. It seems to work well and he says he likes it alot. I am considering getting one for myself.	Google Phone
Bought this because my old Galaxy Tab 10 has become old and slow. Very pleased with the Fire tablet, quickly loaded books, magazine subscriptions and easily taps into my Amazon Prime subscription - video and music. Only reason it gets 4 stars versus 5 is the annoying ad on the lock screen (although I'm sure that's why the device is so cheap).	USB-C Charging Cable
The kids love it, so I'm very happy. that's all that matters to me	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Really enjoying this baby kindle! My first experience with a Kindle product. Fits in my purse even in folio. Recommend a stylus. Having fun loading it up with books, videos, music, and apps. Use it for email and facebook, internet searches, etc. I don't have a smart phone so this is really handy. And, hey, it has TWO cameras, too!!! For $50--UNBELIEVABLE!!! At this price, I could have one in every room of my house!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Amazon tablets are a great quality, an a good price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great price for a decent tablet. Amazon hit it out the park with this tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my 9 year old sister as a birthday present. It is decent but not as good as other tablets on the market. I recommend it for first time users or light tablet users.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I've researched this tablet and the ""techies"" say it's a great tablet for the money. I bought it as a gift for my mother and I think it will be perfect for her. I'm going back to buy a few more for my kids."	Wired Headphones
The Fire replaces my Kindle reader and serves this purpose well. When using as a tablet with WIFI on, battery runs down very quickly but oh well just need to charge often. Really like the camera. Not the greatest pics but again serves my purposes well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This wasn't for me, but for a family member (I have a Kindle Fire HDX for self). They very much appreciate having this as a replacement for another tablet, seems to work better (less/no crashes, better battery) compared to the older one (not an amazon tablet). Side-loaded texture/next-issue as a way to get unlimited magazines (can access subscription on several devices) on this, and it works fine (usually, but once had to clear app data).This tablet is not as high-res as the HDX (so tiny text isn't as clear as it could be without zooming) but it's more than sharp enough for daily use, especially at this price range	Apple Airpods Headphones
I saw this item on Amazon if I had ordered it from them I would had to wait 30 days. Best Buy had it in stock for the same price. Having uses it for several weeks I found its a great small tablet for a great price. I plan to buy several more as stocking stuffer. For an entry level tablet you can't beat it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am very impressed with the tablet. For the price it is great. Apps load up quick and look great on the tablet. The OS is easy to navigate.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet to replace my kindle e-reader. I was not disappointed, it's a great tablet to read books and comic books on. Browsing the internet is ok on it, if that is what you want to do also. Basic games work great, but if you want to play extensive 3D games, you might want to get a different tablet, you can't expect a $50 tablet to run any of those. Overall, it's a great tablet for what I wanted it for.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I preorder 4 for my kids and they love it. The use it to connect with families in Mexico. They use it for school as well when they need to use the web.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I do not like the layout. I want to remove stuff from the screen and can't . I don't like some of the lock out features like playing songs for the kids. i do not like all the advertisements. I don't like the screen doesn't go dark when i want it to such as when music is playing. I liked the samsung	Flatscreen TV
This isn't going to replace a tablet or an ipad, but if you're looking for a great display to read books and magazines, you can't beat this for 50 bucks.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I've had two other tablet before this one and gave both of them away due to shoddy performance. Finally decided to try the Amazon Fire after recommended by a friend and so far I love it!	Wired Headphones
You can't beat $50 for a usable media consumption tablet. Play games or watch video without pauses or skips.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this at Best Buy since I had a $10 reward coupon so only sent $40 for this tablet. Short story this tablet can do everything your smart phone can do and I kinda like Amazon's new OS running on this tablet better than Android, nice clean interface and very user friendly also like the way categories are on top and you can swipe right to view them. As far as speed is concern this tablet is good, you can jump from apps with ease (although installing new apps are a bit slower than on Android) the apps have installed are Facebook,Linkedin, Overdrive, CNN, Pandora, Pinterest, Skpe all run fine. You can even run games on this $50 device, games like Sky Force, Real Racing 3 (these game have high graphics) run surprisingly smooth. Videos on Netflix, HBO Now, Pluto Tv and Youtube look great even though they are not HD. Sound is just ok (my smartphone sounds better) and the display is good compared to other cheap tablets on the market that are not IPS. Battery life is good too, can go a couple of days without charging with just reading books, checking Facebook, surf the web and gaming. Already accidentally dropped my tablet on the floor with no damage at all.I not a Prime Member but purchase a lot from Amazon so this device is convenient when ordering books and other items. This tablet has been rock solid for the week I have it and it's still shocking to me regarding the price with no compromise in quality. Was going to buy the Amazon Fire HD but since my last $270 Amazon tablet was lost this makes more sense since it's at a price point where you can easily replace it. Amazon has really changed the game with this tablet, other's reviews that state that this is only for kids or beginner tablet owner's I disagree with. Now for the people who must have the best tablet on the market (looking at you Apple Ipad and Samsung) then this is not for you, but for others who need a device to do everyday task (just like your smartphone) then this is the one don't let the cheap price fool you.	USB-C Charging Cable
An excellent tablet at a low cost. It more than met my expectations for basic use such as video watching and gaming.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought two of these for my grandchildren because they wanted one and the price was right. They used one before and are very familiar with it. They will love it.	Wired Headphones
It has everything I need, and is a great product at a low price!	Wired Headphones
Nice, fast, easy i bought for my mom and she is very happy.!!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
the perfect gift, excellent price good device !!!!	iPhone
A nice high quality tablet with a fast processor. Superb image quality, long battery life, and a great value. Equal quality and performance of an IPad at a fraction of the cost.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was in best buy having computer worked on, waiting I saw the Amazon fire 6, and saw the great price and bought it. I have been pleased with the features and user friendly.	Lightning Charging Cable
"Apples & oranges. They're both fruit, both tasty, but they are different at the same time.When thinking about the new $50 7"" Fire tablet, keep in mind that this is not a high-end Samsung or iPad Mini. It does a lot of the same things, but it's different. It costs a fraction of the cost. With that perspective in mind, this is a fantastic value. In fact, short of finding a nice, 2nd-tier Asus , LG, or Lenovo tablet being pushed on discount sites, probably as refurbs, you're not going to find anything that comes close in value to this new Fire tablet.Prior to getting it, I had my concerns, particularly with the screen given the lower resolution. I have a dozen tablets, and have tried about a dozen others, and screen quality is not something you want to scrimp too much on. Amazon got this right. It is not as crisp as my older Kindle Fire HD 7"" or my Galaxy Note 8.0 or my iPad Mini, but for casual reading, gaming, video viewing, email, etc., the screen is just fine. Worlds beyond most low-end/budget tablets I've tried (especially anything costing under $100 new). My daughter, who has been using a Kindle Fire HD 7"", has not cared one bit about the slightly lower screen resolution.The new Fire OS operating system looks & feels much more like Android or iOS, which is nice overall. It still is not perfect, but overall I think it makes for a much better user experience than the version on older Kindle Fire tablets.The 8GB of internal storage is, of course, paltry, but with the very welcome addition of a microSD slot, carrying loads of media with you for offline consumption is not an issue. What remains to be seen is how performance is impacted if/when the little bit of available internal storage gets filled with apps and other content. So far, this has not been a problem.The inclusion of both front- and rear-facing cameras is a nice bonus. No, you're not going to capture great shots. But both cameras are usable and add value.The speakers are OK. Volume and quality is not great, but is acceptable for general use - and, of course, you can also use headphones or an external speaker to kick things up a notch (or several notches).If you have $150 or more to spend on a tablet, and plan on using it quite a bit, then you can definitely find something a bit nicer. If you're getting this for just occasional use, or for a kid, and are not accustomed to using a high-end tablet, then this is a fantastic buy. I've tested over 20 tablets and for a sub-$100 tablet, this is absolutely a great value. At its current price of $50, it's a no-brainer. Kudos to Amazon for raising the bar on budget tablets AND making quality tablets available to the masses."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Best bang for the buck! Although it may lack the processing power of the Ipad Mini, it has all the features and is 20% of the cost at $50.00. The battery lasts at least 5 hours of intense gameplay and video watching. I bought this primarily for my wife as a home entertainment device to replace her cell phone to watch video and check email, etc. She was not android savvy, but picked this up in a few days. I was very pleased to find it had Bluetooth! The built in speaker is what you would expect, small, mono and tinny. Although it isn't listed HD, at 7 inches an SD picture is razor sharp. Colors are bright, and the unit is light. Although you can't (without a hack- google it, wink wink) get google Play apps, the Amazon Underground has 10k FREE apps.You can also upgrade to 128 gb of external storage.Won't give it five stars as the sound without external speakers or headphones is weak, and the speaker is placed on the back, but would say 4.5 stars.	ThinkPad Laptop
Awesome only ga e four stars because in order to allow a child to use it you have to set a password/pin. And ecah time that child goes to use it they would need to enter it. Which would have been too much for the 5 yr old that I bought it for as a Christmas gift.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Excellent price, app store could be better but mainly using this for PBS Kids app for our son and Netflix when mobile.	Google Phone
"It is one of the best 7"" tablet in the market, for the price"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
In the past I have avoided tablets at such a low price point, and while I was skeptical of this one as well it has been a great purchase. I use it for tasks I would normally do on my phone such as web browsing, streaming videos, reading, and Android games. It performs all of these tasks admirably. Battery is great as well. I can get up to 7-8 hours depending on the task at hand. It is small enough to always have with me (typing this review on it now), yet large enough to give that real tablet feel as opposed to my phone. I have already purchased another for a friend. At this price you cannot go wrong!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my 4 yr old. ...great Tablet for his age. ..love the aps	iPhone
I have several Amazon Kindles already. This was a nice, reasonable cost tablet for my little one. I have been quite happy with the Kindle devices.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wife bought this as gift, she was going to buy the newest one but they recommended this one instead, good call!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great inexpensive product for the price. Just like the Kindle Fire HDX except for no mayday function. Both front and rear cameras are a plus. Love the Amazon kindle fire	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The new Amazon Fire tablet is surprisingly good, especially for the price. The performance is good, the size is good, and the weight is good. The biggest new feature is the expandable memory slot, which is something new for this generation of Fires.There are a few downside issues, however. First, the screen has splotchy illumination from the edge lighting. There are numerous light/hot spots around the edge, especially at the bottom where the menu bar is. After a while you get used to it, but compared to other higher priced tablets it's annoying.The software library is the second biggest issue. Amazon has done a decent job in adding new software, but it's app store is nowhere near as robust as the Google and Apple stores.The last issue I have is the 90 day warranty, but that is how they keep the cost down.Amazon developed the Fire tablet to sell other Amazon products, and this tablet seems to have hit a proper balance between that and usability. Web browsing is much better than my first Kindle Fire, and I think better than browsing on an iPad. The app that surprised me the most is the e-mail client, and how easy it is to use. In my opinion, it's a LOT better than the native e-mail client on the iPad, or a Windows tablet.If the build quality as good as a iPad or Samsung tablet? No, not even close, but for $50 it's pretty good device if you don't mind dots of light around the edge.	Macbook Pro Laptop
We got 2 kindle fires for our girls and we love them :) great purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire works better than I expected. For a $50 tablet, I have to imagine it's the best on the market. Good battery life, fast response and loading times, nice display. The only problem I've had so far is that I have to restart it if I let it sit for over an hour before it will handle a wifi signal.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a good basic tablet bought it for my 4 year old. Only complaint is that it doesn't have one of the most popular games ( despicable me) which my son loves so he still have to use mine for that. Plz update software Amazon!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Okay this tablet has its limits. It's not an IPad. But for 50 bucks it does a lot. If you have Amazon Prime it's awesome. If you don't, it's still nice. It's fast and has good battery life. You can side load apps if you can't find them in the Amazon App Store. Overall I'm impressed with the features.	iPhone
This is great as a first tablet. It has Amazon underground for free apps. the only thing missing is no google play store:(	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For $50 I couldn't ask for more! Aside from access to a ridiculous amount of books, I can listen to music, download apps, play games, watch videos, take photos/ record videos (front & rear facing camera), check emails, and surf the web. Although you have to pay for most book/video purchases Amazon also offers Amazon Prime for a month free ($9.99 after) which makes some purchases less expensive. You can also tack on Kindle Unlimited (free 1st month, also $9.99 a month after) to download up to 10 Kindle Unlimited books at a time. As for the possible cons, the lock screen is set as a rotation of sponsored ads (which is why this tablet is so cheap!). If this bothers you, you can remove the ads for $15 on Amazon. The screen/camera resolution and speaker output isn't anything to write home about but it is absolutely great for the price! The glare while using the tablet can also be bothersome, but I purchased an anti-glare screen protector to resolve that issue. With the holidays approaching this is the perfect gift for those on a budget! This would have been the perfect gift for me, had I not already purchased it for myself!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two of these for my children. They are not powerful, they do not have a bright screen, and the battery life is ok. But they are cheap options for kids to have tablets and helps keep down the fighting. App store is not good, but keeps kids entertained and that is why I bought these. Great value for the price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I always finding what I need and better customer service at the Best Buy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price point for tablet, has front & back camera	Lightning Charging Cable
Good product for the money. Compared to earlier versions not as durable. The outside casing is plastic. Not good. For the money good buy.	20in Monitor
Got this tablet for my 5 year old works great even use it myself sometimes good for movies as well the only thing I don't like is too many adds on it can't take off unless you pay amazon for it	27in FHD Monitor
Got 3 of them, great cost for what you get. My kids are down to only one left. Killed 2 of them sadly. Setting up can be a pain. Kids keep asking to add more apps. You have to delete the old to add more. I'm starting to dislike them more then the kids like them.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my 8yo twins. They love it. Games, camera, and videos. Easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet because it was so cheap! My husband loves it. It comes with many free games (games that you'd have to pay for if you had an iPad).	ThinkPad Laptop
It works great I would definitely recommend it to a friend I would buy a few more if I had to but the price should drop down a little bit	Apple Airpods Headphones
There are some things I can't download. But, good.	Wired Headphones
I absolutely love my kindle fire. I received cash back for purchasing a new MacBook Pro Retina laptop and purchased the Kindle and cover jacket.	ThinkPad Laptop
It is easy to use, economical, and perfect in size for a college student, but isn't good for HD my daughter said.	Lightning Charging Cable
Disappointed with this tablet. Get one that uses Android system, not Amazon.	iPhone
this is my fifth kindle i have bought. I love them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is perfect for my needs. It is a great price for a tablet. No bells or whistles, just a tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
great product Amazon does a real good job giving you big bang for your buck the tablet is rapid and battery life is good	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted a tablet for my son to play games and read books. I didn't want to spend hundreds because he is only 8. This is perfect, I can put controls on what he views and password protect my control profile.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was looking for an inexpensive tablet for my 8 year old, that he could use for educational games and just for the usual game play and this tablet has been perfect. Battery life is good, speed is outstanding and you can't beat the price!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas, and she has used it for countless hours. She has a small crack on the screen, so I'd definitely get a case for it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Wonderful tablet to use while traveling or at home. Great for books, movies, and music. For the price, it can't be beat!	Wired Headphones
Like it its very easy to understand,clear to read,easy to access to the websites.	USB-C Charging Cable
Fire tablet is a cheap one but good enough for my porpose. Actually you get much more than what you pay. Is an excellent retribution for your money.	ThinkPad Laptop
son loves this he can do alot of things on it great quality for the price	Lightning Charging Cable
It works good I would recommend to friends and family	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I can read, even in the dark. I can surf the internet, Facebook, pay bills, play games. It was inexpensive and I love it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I gave it to my friend's kids. They love it. Quite good for the proce.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this to keep up with my email while my computer being repaired . the computer is fixed and still use this more than the computer. Love it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablet was on a great day! I purchased multiple for a conference and they proved to be very effective and reliable.	Vareebadd Phone
We bought this for our 7 year old daughter and it is perfect!!	iPhone
It was given to my friend as a gift. I hope he likes it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My kids really like this tablet. It's easy to use for them.	Vareebadd Phone
I love that I can set time limits on how much time my kids can play. I love being able to have them read for a certain amount of time before getting to pay also	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It was a gift for my little sister, she seems to love it and it does everything that she needs it to do. No problems so far	Wired Headphones
Fast up to 5 windows open without problemsCamera not very good pics come out blurry	Flatscreen TV
picked up a tablet because my laptop is over 3 years old, does a good job, sound levels are good, nice picture for a non hd product. Lots of pre installed apps and the ads on the sleep screen are annoying but for around 50 bucks not a bad product.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the best tablet you can get under $50, I bought it for my daughter and she is quite happy with it. The last Kindle I bought was Kindle Fire 1st Gen Refurbished for $100 which doesn't have camera or mic. So it was definitely a good upgrade for a very low price.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Fire Tablet is not only affordable, but a great piece of technology for choldren. The selection of books and games are very good.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is amazingly awesome. It looks like its price, cheap, $39 at #BestBuy but it does all that I need it to do which is streaming music and movies. You can setup multiple users including a child profile with parental control.	27in FHD Monitor
Works great for a tablet and inexpensive. I got three in the past year and they all work great. I got them as gifts but I believe they don't have the same apps you can get through apple and Google play. You may want to check that out if you are using it for those apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good product for $50. External SD card is nice option.	Wired Headphones
If you have prime it's great for the money. Slow performance tho	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Wanted a decent tablet for my teenage daughter without spending a lot. Other then the ads on the lock screen the tablet is perfect for her needs. You can remove the ads which to me is worth it.	Lightning Charging Cable
The constant bombardment of ads when I turn on my tablet is not an experience that I enjoy. I would recommend you buy ANY other than one that runs the Fire OS. For the same price you can get a cheap android tablet and do a lot more with it.	Google Phone
Did multiple reviews before purchasing this tablet for my daughter. Very nice, works well and durable.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have had some issues with this but not having a very helpful team to resolve issues.... I work and go to school I don't have time after time to beg and plead to get fixed...	Flatscreen TV
I got this tablet for my kids to play ANKI Overdrive, works flawlessly as host in multiplayer mode with IOS and Android devices!	20in Monitor
i would recomend this product to anybody kids and adults	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The fire tablet is awesome. I thoroughly enjoy the tablet. Everyone should have this item.	Lightning Charging Cable
This item is very functional. I am beyond pleased.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I have purchased this item to give as gift. It works great for kids. I only wish it had few build in apps that a child could start using right away. Anyhow, its great for kids, whether in us or anywhere in the world. I have definitely recommend this to all my friends and family.	27in FHD Monitor
Just what you would expect from Amazon. Holds a charge well and does everything you would expect.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this to mainly read books after my Nook died. Can't beat the price, but the print quality isn't as good as some other tablets. It's more like black on grey as oppose to crisp white. It can be a little difficult to read from versus the higher price tablets.	Wired Headphones
Its a great tablet, mostly use for web browsing and book reading. Great value!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like this one because it is easy to operator and the battery last a long time.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The new Kindle may not have all the bells and whistles of previous models, but it is a great value for the price. Durable and light, and with the addition of expandable memory, this new model works great and is very recommended.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great purchase.. Bought for my two children. They love it	Wired Headphones
I got this because is difficult to not look at the price and jump on it, its a very basic tablet that can be use as a go to device on the go.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This device is truly a great purchases for me, as I want something very small for a recent travel trip I went on. It made everything simple.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
From the minute you turn it on there's advertising. The OS is very different from a standard tablet OS - I couldn't get an app that I wanted from the Google Play Store - it just wouldn't work on this. As I said before, I found the amount of advertising just ridiculous.	Wired Headphones
Purchased this tablet for my 6 year old. Indeed it's user friendly with parental control.	Lightning Charging Cable
Awesome product. Got two of these for two kids! They really enjoy!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the Amazon Fire for my granddaughter for her 8th birthday. She just loves it so much. She said it was the right size and everything. Truly excited her, Grandma gets an A+! I would like to add that the $49 price tag for this high quality tablet can't be beat.	USB-C Charging Cable
The only thing that I didn't like was that I had to sign up with Amazon Prime in order for my son to get unlimited games. I ended up paying a little bit more.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for my younger kids. My son is autistic. WTG	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am extremely thrilled with my Amazon Fire Tablet. It is definitely worth its price!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a fast and reliable tablet once you get past thw advertising. You can pay to have them removed but if you could afford that mights as well get the one without the advertising.	Flatscreen TV
This purchase was a gift for 10 year old. Today's technology enhances the youth of today. This tablet is definitely a winner.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Granddaughter loves it. She plays on it daily and downloads the games with no problem	Wired Headphones
This tablet runs great and looks nice. Easy to use and get around in the menus , only problem I had was I couldn't get my pc to see the tablet to move my books to it.	Wired Headphones
Perfect tablet not only for experienced users, but those that are not that tech savvy. My mother-in-law is really enjoying the ease of use of this tablet, it was a birthday gift. The quality of the build feels top notch. I need to get one of these to replace my aging tablet and utilize my Prime membership to it's potential.	iPhone
My kids love there new tablets they were affordable and easy to use my kids love them	Wired Headphones
We bought this to download movies and books onto for a long plane ride. It worked great! Very happy with the purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Kids love being able to use this item as well! Very good for their little hands to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the kindle fire. This is my second-- I wore the first one out! I got it to read books and love that I can pack all my favorite books to go all in one small tablet! No more box of books to go camping! Also the larger print is easier on my eyes and if I fall asleep ot shuts itself off.	USB-C Charging Cable
The tablet has been used for netflix a lot. I am an amazon prime member on a trial basis,so the uses for the tablet are numerous.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this Amazon Fire to replace the one I had. My old one need to have the power button replaced and the cost to do that was more than what I paid for the new one. I like that I can take pictures (which I couldn't do with my old one) and it feels lighter. I can read my books, check my email and surf the web. The only negative thing is that I still haven't figure out how to print from it. It was a lot easier from the old one. I'm still exploring all the apps that are preloaded.	Wired Headphones
Love the size for reading and also for playing games online. Tablet is fast to respond.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchased this product for my 8 yo for his birthday and it has been perfect!	Wired Headphones
I love my new Fire. The only problem I have is putting it down when it's time to go to bed.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love the ease to download apps and music. The size is perfect and it lights up pretty well	
I bought a first generation Kindle Fire a few years back, when it was on sale for something like 185.00 and loved it. It took a bit of a beating and I had recently begun to think about buying a replacement. I think that original tablet would probably be more comparable to the Fire HD 10 or something. So my experience with this version is colored by the higher quality first generation model. I also use a Surface Pro tablet as my personal/work computer, so that too probably color my opinion. Out of the box this is lighter than the original. Upon powering up, the original bookshelf carousel is now replaced by a more standard tablet home screen. In terms of processing speed this version feels a little slow. Games I had on the original seem to struggle a bit on the new Fire. Web-browsing is not terrible but is not terribly fast either. In the end, if you want a good e-reader on a budget with a few extra features, this is a great buy. If you're looking for a serious small tablet, you may wish to add a bit more to your budget and get one of the older siblings.	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle has good quality for the price I bought it for. It can basically do anything an iPad does, but it is a lot cheaper. If you want to buy your kid a device, I recommend this one because it's cheap and if it breaks then it wouldn't put a big dent in your pocket to buy a new one or you won't feel bad for spending your money on it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son and granddaughter love them. Clear screen and game play is great.	27in FHD Monitor
The screen is adequate and the service is reliable. I did not play with it much due to it being a gift. Sadly the person it was purchased for was unable to hold onto it long enough to use it (elderly lady). I still have it though, and it's a great little backup to my primary tablet.	Google Phone
I bought one and recommended this product also to my family and friends!	Wired Headphones
Got it as a gift for my son to replace his old kindle.	Wired Headphones
Very happy with this purchase. For the price you can not go wrong. I mainly use for reading so I am sure for a techy geek this would not work.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a good little device. Well worth the money. Facebook is hard to read but overall a good product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nothing is ever perfect. I'm sure my product has some flaws in it, which I'm okay with. As long as they don't effect the usage I'm happy. Sometimes takes a second to register me pushing the letters, but nothing too big.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Initially I bought this for my son and he's been using it everyday with a protective cover since my purchase my only issue I have really with the unit is that the charging port is in a horrible position and it's very difficult to insert the charger easily I may have a defective unit which I may have to return since the charging port is quite loose the price was right but quality could be a little better	Wired Headphones
Bought for my two grands to play games,etc. more affordable than an iPad for each.	Wired Headphones
Love the reading on my kindle. The camera is great.	27in FHD Monitor
My son had the kindle w/o the camera but cracked the screen so we bought the upgrade with the camera. He loves it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a great tablet for my kid he can watch and play all the games for his age	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not bad for an entry-level tablet. Pretty much what I expected for the price I paid for it. My four-year-old loves it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this fire tablet for a friend who has been laid up and unable to walk since November. She loves it! It is very entertaining. She even watches movies on it! I am going to get one for myself!	Macbook Pro Laptop
amazing tab for a gift. right priced and the performance is great. it is really helpful for browsing and basic activities	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Very good product not a lot of junk built in and that's good for the fact that you can use that storage for the apps you really want.	ThinkPad Laptop
Practically disposable, everything you want and need in a $40 tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
All the icons on the tablet works just fine. I got help	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The bargain tablet of the century, performance, convenience, and decent screen. Runs all the apps you need.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this as a gift. Does everything the recipient needed. All features listed were adequate.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My grandson really enjoys the tablet it works well ,I love would definitely recommend it .	Apple Airpods Headphones
Honestly the worst tablet ever owned. Was very slow and unreliable would switch off	Lightning Charging Cable
I would recommend this to anyone it is a great deal and it has a great screen	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The size is perfect, good resolution. Can be used for all purposes.	iPhone
Amazon tablet is great to have. Now I wish I bought more gb.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my mom and she absolutely loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Budget tablet, nice and crisp picture. HD quality product.	27in FHD Monitor
MY DAUGHTER JUST LOVES THIS. EASY TO USE AND SHE IS ABLE TO DO EVERYTHING SHE WANTED ON IT. GREAT PRICE GREAT PRODUCT	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice tablet for the price, so far have run all my apps from Amazon, the only does require is a better camera,	Lightning Charging Cable
This small little tablet is perfect for reading emails and playing computer games. It's light weight makes it easy to hold for even long periods of time. It's low price makes it affordable as a supplement to other tech items. I keep mine by my favorite chair.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's pretty good for the price! I bought mine for my kids to share and use.For this price, you may just want to buy one for each kid since mine tend to fight over it! The charging port on mine seems to not be working well (have to push it up to connect properly), but the kids tend to just rip the power cord out without any care. You may not have the same problem.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the little tablet that could!!!The price is a steal and the speed and function deliver. Not a great camera but functional. Not great for skyping but that aside a real bargain!	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great little tablet. The price is right, and it offers a clear picture, with good speed for browsing the web. The interface with Amazon is perfect. Great for kids and adults too. Plenty of fun colors to choose from.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love it I bought once for my son and a year later in still good conditions someone stole it sad day but he's birthday was coming so I went ahead and got him a new one he's in love with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This Amazon Kindle is awesome! Has all it's features including a built-in camera!! Purchase this for my son for his 16th birthday! He absolutely loves it!	Flatscreen TV
Does everything our grandson wants! He rarely puts it down.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great eReader for the price. Amazon Prime member. I use eReader when I travel.	Lightning Charging Cable
It does what I need it to do and if very affordable	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It has a good sized screen. Very good wifi receiver. Overall good product.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this tablet to use while I'm on the go. I am retired and have used a desktop my whole life. I have tried the Apple IPAD but did not want to spend the money as I have a desktop @ home. So this works just fine for limited use. I use Google, surfing the internet when waiting for something away from home, etc. Keep myself entertained!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a nice little tablet for many purposes. You can browse the net, play games with friends, map out your trips, or find a nice cozy little corner and read a book.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I picked this tablet for my sister It was reasonably priced and simple to use. She is really enjoying seeing her children and grandchildren's pics.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Kendle Fire. Fits in my purse perfectly. Always have books on hand.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I've had one of these but gave it to my niece. I thought I'd be OK without it but when I saw this deal, I had to go get it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the parental controls. The tablet has been great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an awesome little tablet justright for reading and looking up images and things on the net.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it on sale $10 off regular price. No brainer. Smoother performance than I expected.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For those on a budget, this tablet gets the job done. No buyer's remorse.	Wired Headphones
Good tablet for the price. Was looking for a substitute for the Amazon Fire HD 7 that my son lost, and this is a pretty good replacement. Not that much of a difference.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet doesn't have the best specs, but it was cheap and for my 3 year old. Great product so far!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the camera and many features!!! Almost like having a laptop.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I read reviews before making a decision for my purchase, but ended up returning the device as I was expecting an experience like that of an Android tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet for a very reasonable cost. The only place the ads show is on the home screen, once you open to the operating system the ads are gone. If you just want to surf the web, or do some reading this is the device for you.	LG Dryer
I had bought my girlfriend a Kindle Fire HD7 for Valentines day. She had never owned a tablet or PC before, and was just a beginner at smart phones. She became a reader gobbling up over 100 books in the last year. This lower cost device compares well in some ways, but the screen on her Fire HD7 is clearly superior. I would buy this again.	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet to own if you use AMAZON apps for shopping,reading, videos and so forth. May at times be a little slow but other than that no problems	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Could be faster, gets a little laggy sometimes, but for surfing the net, checking emails, games, books etc, its a great little tablet, and you can't beat the price	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I got the tablet for my two year old son and he loves his tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my son. He really likes it. It does everything I want it to do without offering too much access. The option to lock it down for a certain amount of time each day is something my wife and I love, so he doesn't overuse technology in lieu of other activities.	USB-C Charging Cable
The price is AMAZING for the product! Works as well as any tablet, and is the perfect size for your hand bag. Plus, if you are Amazon Prime member - you can download movies to watch. Awesome!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am enjoying my Kindle Fire 8 GB eReader Tablet. It has a good download speed when connected to wi-fi, and the touch screen is responsive. The only drawback is its inability to hold a charge for very long.	iPhone
very good product............I would recommend this to a friend	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the 2nd one our family has. Perfect for kids games & watching videos.	Apple Airpods Headphones
this was the 2nd fire i bought for my daughter after the 1st i purchased at christmas stopped working after only a couple of months, the screen froze up and would not ever reset and couldnt be saved, she does use it everyday so i guess we got our moneys worth of use out of it for the 50 dollar price tag	Apple Airpods Headphones
Well for a tablet of this price so compact and complete is not much to ask for than just your self to use it to the maximum capacity.I love this Kindell Best product ever.	USB-C Charging Cable
Picked up three of these for my kids to use. Easy set up, works good, the only problem is the WiFi is slow.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 82 year old dad. It was to complicated for him to use. I couldn't figure enough of it out to be able to explain it all to him in the time I was visiting him. Returned and bought a different kind.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased this for my mother for Mother's day. It was very easy to set up and very easy for her to use. Great buy and value.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So I love my electronics. I have an Ipad but when I saw this on sale I got myself one just to have since I am a prime member I figured I could use this too. The only thing I like about this is that you an expand the the storage. If the Ipad had that option it would be amazing. So since I then expanded the memory I can have more movies to watch offline. Camera is horrible, So I would say if you have a younger child, this may be decent but nothing compares to an ipad.	Lightning Charging Cable
My son love this tab and I recommend this. This is a great product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Awesome Price for a great tablet.Main use is for reading comics and internet browsing so there is nothing better i would ask for.good screen,easy set up	Lightning Charging Cable
I use the Fire Table to read before bedtime. Its nice and light so my arms don't get tired, and I can adjust the light setting so it doesn't bother my wife. It also travels really well... Well worth the $49 I paid for it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this kindle!!! It is amazing for the price, well worth it!!!!!	iPhone
Great tablet plan on purchasing another . Not slow happy with the speed	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great Tablet for a low price, it has a lot of bloatware but still worth it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my soon to be 2 yr old. I wanted to download him some games and a couple apps to help him learn. He doesn't speak right now and uses sign language to communicate. This tablet works great. It's just his size, easy to use and paired with the soft foam carrying case I bought it from Amazon it's the best thing I've done for him lately. Would highly recommend for any and all ages.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I use it mostly for reading and it works well. I only wish that the camera was better but it is okay for that price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I don't have wi fi. so I can't use the device. I'm returning it. I wanted something that my father could use as an e reader. I thought I would be able to download books via my computer using the usb cable. You can't do this unless you are registered. You cannot register unless you have wi fi. Amazon needs to fix this. This is a major flaw.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We love this thing! And for only $50! It works perfect for quick netflix	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Didn't know you had to buy space and many other things for this item to work.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I was hesitant to get a tablet because I was unsure as to how it works and adding a new technology can sometimes be challenging. The Best Buy rep directed me to the Amazon Fire for it's ease of use and he was spot on. Also, the email ""introducing"" me to my tablet was invaluable and helped me immensely. A nice addition to the helpfulness of staff at your store."	iPhone
Great price and easy to use.Wife loves it more than any other tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
"My wife likes to web-surf in bed and was using a 15"" notebook for years. Found it to be very cumbersome and was looking for an alternative. Tried out this Amazon Fire 7 figuring it would be adequate, but has exceeded expectations. Seems quick with good screen resolution. Only problem is doesn't always respond to finger or stylus swipe which seems common with most of these touch screens."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This reader is a great way at a low price to feed your newspaper habit. I save $50 per month on just one newspaper.	Wired Headphones
Great device for children. Impressed by the specs.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am enjoying my Kindle Fire. This is my third Kindle, but my first Kindle Fire. I really like the portability and the fact that in addition to books, the internet , checking my emails, I can also use it as a camera.	USB-C Charging Cable
Really good buy, has dual camera, games really good	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to use for any age, would recommend to anyone	USB-C Charging Cable
A wonderful tablet for kids, and an excellent price point for grandma! He's very happy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great Tablet for Beginner. Easy to use and navigate.	
Cheap tablet that runs great and plays hearthstone silky smooth	LG Dryer
Im happy with the over all uses of this tablet. It gives me comfort and easy to use. I even bought my mom one for mother's day. The tablet has a kids feature and my four year old daughter can watch and play with out changing my features.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love tge size of the tablet. I can store it in my bookbag and go about my way.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got 2 for my kids for Xmas and there working real good they love them and I love the price better then eBay ones that would only work for some time then will stop charging	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for my mother for mother's day, and so far, she absolutely loves it. It's fast, great resolution, and I've yet to hear of any battery issues from her. I picked this one for the reasons I just listed in addition to the access to Amazon Underground (FREE APPS that normally cost with Googly Play & Apple Stores, respectively).For those reasons, in addition to the price, you can't go wrong.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this after talking to a Best Buy employee & advising I had to return the Lenovo Idea Pad due to freezing up - he suggested I get the Kindle Fire - not too heavy to travel with & can do just about everything I need it to. I was so happy with it when it was on sale last week got one for my daughter & one for my boyfriend!	USB-C Charging Cable
"You get what you pay for. A small tablet, with OK specs. What was annoying about this tablet was the fact that you have to pay to remove ""offers."" You shouldn't have to pay to remove bloatware."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A nice size tablet for a technically challenged adult. Great for snapping pics, reading books and an occasional online search.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I took a billion pictures and they are all clear all my games download with no problem and I will recommend this to my sister	20in Monitor
I enjoy having this smaller tablet to carry around	20in Monitor
Great for my 16 month old daughter!!! Great price!	Macbook Pro Laptop
It's fast and pictures are very clear,love it glad I bought it.	Wired Headphones
I like having the option of a tablet. The one thing I overlooked is it did not have internal microphone program, but that only limited the translator apps. My cell phone has the same app, so no biggie. Nice tablet at a bargain.	Wired Headphones
Very convienent and works like a charm! The children enjoy playing games on it too.	Lightning Charging Cable
The kindle fire is so handy and easy to use.We own 4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really enjoy reading books on this. Glare in the sun but great indoors.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this for $39.99 and it is so worth the price. The girls can read on their own devices and I can limit the time on each device as well as the content.	iPhone
Ok reader battery power not what advertized. Not able to upgrade	27in FHD Monitor
I love this tablet! Its easy to use and provides hours of e entertainment.	iPhone
Love it !!! Easy to use !!! Wonderful apps. Price was fantastic.	Lightning Charging Cable
Simple to set up. Simple to use. Great display with a quick system to back it up.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
kids love it and i like it because it has child proof qualities.	Google Phone
This is a wonderful e-reader but I hate that you can only store books on the device. It takes up way too much space.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son told me about this product and spoke highly so we purchased for grandchild. Very satisfied.	iPhone
I love this KIndle. You really can't beat it for the price. It does a lot.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have been wanting a tablet for awhile and I finally decided to get the Amazon Fire tablet, I love it I can look at Pinterest and check email I love it!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my niece in Jamaica and she loves it. This was the best $50 I spent all year.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Im looking for my.first tablet! because I don't have a computer.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Amazon Fire is really easy to navigate and use. I really like it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I own this tablet and bought a second one for a gift. There are so many great features on it -has lots of totally free game apps and is a great companion to Amazon Prime service.	iPhone
Use this for my scripture study, It does what I need it to do plus.	Wired Headphones
If you love the idea of having all your books in the same place, at all times. you should get an Amazon Fire. I purchased this tablet for my Fiancé because he reads tons of books. Now he doesn't have to remember where his books are, because he can now have them at all times on one device!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Simple to use, best for kids cheap gift for distant relatives and first time users	Wired Headphones
I have several of these tablets and they are still my favorite compared to my expensive IPad. Best buy ships pretty fast and I am pleased with their online store.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I use my kindle for reading only. I don't care for the internet part of it so I don't use it for internet purposes at all.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Im very happy with this purchase, i got it on sale for $30 and grabbed 3 lol.Kids luv it	Wired Headphones
Good Value for the money it cost.My teens love them.	Lightning Charging Cable
My old kindle was on its last legs and I needed a multi finctional tablet that was also a reader. The Kindle fire fit the bill excellentlty.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good Cable for Iphone. This Original OEM Apple USB Lightning Cable For iPhone This USB 2.0 cable connects your iPhone, iPad, or iPod with Lightning connector to your computer's USB port for syncing and charging or to the Apple USB Power Adapter for convenient charging from a wall outlet. 1M Long	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet! It has lots of features. The cost is really low for such a great tablet.	Wired Headphones
Buying this tablet, has been GREAT! LOVE IT. Now I can get on the internet, when I am in my chair	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Wish I had bought one sooner. Very handy to take on the go.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have apple tablets and bought the kindle for a book reader. It is truly the best tablet for the price! It works well and the option for added memory is a huge plus! :)	Apple Airpods Headphones
So far it's great. This was a gift. She is gets this on today.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have the larger 8.9 hdx Kindle but find it cumbersome when going places. Plus sometimes I am places where I shouldn't necessarily have my kindle with me. I needed something small and concealable, just for reading books. This is PERFECT!!! I would have rated it 5 starts but two weeks after I bought the black one they introduced a purple one. GRRRRR!!!	27in FHD Monitor
It's a great devise for and older generation women and she loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
the new kindle fires are amazingly good, the only thing that I have to say is the battery life is bad in it. other than that it is well worth it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Overall, this 7"" tablet perfoms well. It's not the fastest, brightest, or thinnest on the market. But for $50 it is an great value. It doesn't come with the Google Playstore pre installed it can be easily added."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My first purchasing an Amazon product I was very thrilled with the pricing and availabilty.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my mother in law for her birthday. Loaded it with books and music and made her the happiest lady in town. Works great as a reader and also for music when paired with a good set of blue tooth headphones.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This Samsung excedes our expectations. The picture is clear and colors vibrant! Love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it. It charges quickly, great display. This is my 3rd kindle, and it holds its own in comparison to my other two. Now I have one downstairs, one at bedside, and one to travel. The grandkids love them too. Now no more arguing when they visit over who gets to play.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It works for just what I need it to. Reading. I also love how the camera works & the games.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This product does everything. An ipad does at a quarte of the price. Am very pleased. Highly recommend	27in FHD Monitor
I will definitely purchase another tablet a larger size for me at a different time.	USB-C Charging Cable
This Kindle makes for a great beginner tablet for a teenager. The only complaint is that it is a little laggy but great for the price.	Wired Headphones
Kids love it! We are Prime members, good kid friendly case... purchased a 128gb memory card to hold all kinds of games and movies	Google Phone
The screen is Crack already with the kids proof case	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this for my little brother and he loves it And it's so inexpensive im not super worried about it being roughly used for a kid	Wired Headphones
I am extremely happy with my Kindle Fire. The price was fantastic. Functionality is great. I am very pleased with this tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
Pro's The colors on the screen are AWESOME. It is easy to operate and move around in and has lots of app's in stalled. Con's The operating speaker has very low output and is hard to hear.	iPhone
You can't beat it for the money. Really cool tablet !	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good battery life, Good screen clarity, Easy to use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It has a great screen, you can add more memory with a micro SD card. This little fire is as powerful as pricy tablets.	Lightning Charging Cable
It is a good tablet for $50. I like the ability to create adult and child profiles.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like it and it really does well, that said even though it is Android it is dedicated to only allow you to go through Amazon and not Google play.	Wired Headphones
Bought as gift for 8yr old. It's not too complicated and perfect size for use of kids!! Excellent choice	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If your looking for a simple tablet that does basic things? This is the one for you. I like it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for children to play games and watch videos.	Google Phone
Great product & price, especially for gift giving (especially for children).	Wired Headphones
Pretty good value tablet. Works like expected and has some good apps. Only downside with memory at 8gigs.	USB-C Charging Cable
Can use it for facebook, or email and of course to read my books in a series. Love it.	iPhone
No problems my daughter loves it we used rewards points and got the warranty	Wired Headphones
It's a wonderful instrument with quick response time and good memory for downloading games, apps and videos. Great sound quality and great video quality.	27in FHD Monitor
I do a lot of reading and it's just right for that	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had the Fire model befor this one & it was ok, but way too locked down. This one is basically an Android tablet, with some key features added for Amazon. Little too baby for reading though, prefer my Paper White for that. But, great tablet for surfing, games, and movies/YouTube. The ONLY downside, won't connect over 5ghz (Wireless-N), stuck on the 2.5ghz connections.	USB-C Charging Cable
Just got my kindle and am just getting use to it. Like it so far.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Good affordable tablet, my daughter loves it. Buying at Best Buy was easy and painless.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's Just what I needed to be able to keep books browse the web etc	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my son.. He really liked it for a starter tablet	Google Phone
My previous tablets have been androids, so I don't care for the navigation on the home page. It has take some getting used to. However, it's nice to have an actual Kindle when I read my books, as opposed to just the app.	USB-C Charging Cable
We had purchased this for our daughter. The parental control/profile features are great for her. Totally recommend!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for kids. Simple to use and a variety of apps.	Flatscreen TV
Love the fire. I run it nonstop 24 hours a day for my business and it runs flawlessly.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good buy nice screen great battery life quick good video quality	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought it for the price and my mother-in-law has one, keeps freezing up but st good.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Make sure u have wifi before you buy a tablet. Cuz it doesn't have wifi in the tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
This is great for kids. Don't necessarily need to buy the more expensive kids version for a protective bumper. You can get the same apps & a better price tag. Just watch the charger port, kids can bend it if not careful.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my granddaughters birthday and she loved it so my other granddaughter wanted one so I brought another one and they both loved them	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent product I use it for my kids all the time is great	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the tablet, my 4 year old uses the tablet on a daily basis! Perfect tablet for kids!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
When I first heard that Amazon had released a budget tablet, I was skeptical on the price that quality would be sacraficed. Boy did I have the wrong assumption, this product has exceeded my expectations and then some. The screen is responsive, the animation on screen is silky smooth when you zoom in on a picture or scroll up and down, it's just all out impressive. Front facing camera too is kind of cool although the quality is not as good as the camera that is in the back. Games play fine on this but you'll be wanting a memory card to store games on it. Games play fine depending on what you install on it but some games suffer minor framerate issues if too much is happening on the screen. Okay for the price, and this should be looked at before purchasing some of the other budget tablets.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for the price no known issues at the time!	USB-C Charging Cable
"This is my 3rd Kindle. I absolutely love it. The best feature I have found on it is the ""BlueShade"" option, which changes the light levels for when reading at night. Also you cannot beat the price. May be purchasing another one for my son in the near future!"	Lightning Charging Cable
Got the Amazon fire tablet for my daughter n she loves it. It had some good games n learning stuff on it n she needs that at the age of 4.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Still exploring the possibilities. I bought it as a ""sort of"" addition to my Kindle e-reader. Since I am not a total subscriber to the ""connected lifestyle"" I will be exploring capabilities slowly. My only complaint is the battery life is not (by a factor of (at least) 50) as good as on my KIndle e-reader."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The downside is everytime I open up the tablet, there is an advertisement. I would prefer not to see these. Font is changeable, brightness is adjustable.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my senior citizen, mother-in-law who is not particularly tech-savvy, but she's mastered this item and finds it easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I'd been givin'em as presents, and I'll do it again	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i bought this for my little one . Finally ,world become quiet.	ThinkPad Laptop
This radio was bought at and then installed at Best Buy. They did an awesome job and it works great.	20in Monitor
my son loves it. We have a lot of games and education games also.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
bought as a gift and they loved it. it works fast and good	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for my kids watching youtube and netflix on.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
the kids use it every chance they get, this is the fourth one we have bought.	Wired Headphones
very good entry level table for the money. it works very well.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"This is a great eBook reader around the house & free WiFi areas ( some McDs, Starbucks, etc. ).Got this as: 1. It's 50 Bucks.2. Doesn't hurt so much if you fall asleep while reading ( doesn't weigh as much as a ""full-size"" tablet ) 3. Fits in my pants pocket so you can take it with you.4. Lots of free books from Amazon.5. Did I mention it's $50.00?"	Lightning Charging Cable
I would love to get one for my Dad for Father's Day!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was really impressed by this tablet compared to the price. It's not the fastest but it gets the job done and a convenient size. I allow my daughter to use this when doing research for homework. It's basically enough so she doesn't get sidetracked and it's advanced enough for me to complete my more advanced tasks. Great value for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a giftt for my wife. She uses it mainly as a method of reading books and loves it. The memory is more than sufficient for normal usage and is expandable if needed. The fact that it is not HD does not matter to her but if you use it to watch a lot of movies, you might want to spend the extra $100 bucks and get the HD. JShe does watch Netflix on it but usually watches movies on our big screen television. Great buy for the money. She loves hers	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great new tablet as always due to new techknowledgy	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great product. I purchased for travel so i wouldn't have to carry my laptop. performs well very quick.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet Easy for a child to use Price is right and size	27in FHD Monitor
Great price. Easy surfing the web, great game playing, and way to enjoy reading new books. 8 GB is large enough. I like I can purchase gifts cards to make purchases.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet is very well made and well worth the price. Amazon has a great market place and the tablet has a nice clear picture and the touch screen functions very well. Got it for my 3 year old son and he loves it plus I like that it has parental controls so I can block out things I don't want him accessing...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Whenever I see an item in the store and the price seem a bit cheap I begin to get very cautious. I ask many questions of other users. Thankfully after having bought this kindle for my nephew he and I have been elated ever since .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Picture is great & for the price it's more than I expected my son loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for young children and beginners. Has all the basic features needed to enjoy this tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
"It was a toss up between this, the Fire, or the Paperwhite. I wanted something small, mainly for using w/Kindle; a color screen, expandable storage & wiFi capabilities. Helllo! It was very inexpensive & the perfect size! Great battery life!"	Wired Headphones
Got this for my nieces, they use it daily! Works great with decent specs all around.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Right price my son loves it great for games and you tube	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great. No issues with it since I bought it a month ago. A good beginners tool for someone buying their first tablet. A great value at a reasonable price.	27in FHD Monitor
I loved the price for this tablet good value for what my son uses it for!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Like the tablet wish it had better battery life the older kindle battery life was amazing	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandson is totally in love with his New Fire Tablet. He had an older version and was grateful for the upgrade.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a great table for kids and first time user of tables.	Wired Headphones
We already had one Amazon fire tablet and liked it so much that we decided to purchase another for the grandkids to use when they come over.	Wired Headphones
I enjoy the games and Internet access on the Amazon tablet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's good and fast. It does what you want it for. I use it mainly for reading and my son plays a few games on it. Alright product.	Wired Headphones
It is good device to have for reading, watching movie and surfing internet	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my mom. Easy to use for her. I was impressed by the responsiveness of this tablet. Couldn't ask for more at the price I paid for it. Great purchase.	Wired Headphones
The fire is a very inexpensive tool and toy for those of us just startuing to explore the world of diwloading.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I enjoy my new Kindle as a back up device. It does everything a desk top computer could do for me including, email, social media, and a search engine.It also easily travels with me everywhere.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was somewhat skeptical about getting this tablet, and especially for that low of a price. But no later than 1 week I went back and purchased another one for my wife. This Amazon Kindle Fire is awesome.	ThinkPad Laptop
Very good tablet at a great price. Nice size for all applications.	USB-C Charging Cable
I find reading books on this tablet to be better than expected despite the shiny glass display.	Google Phone
Nice tablet will seriously think about getting a second one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this Kindle its small size is what I was looking for and I enjoy playing games on it!	USB-C Charging Cable
The Amazon fire is a perfect size for viewing videos, reading books and playing games. Small enough to fit in a bag or purse.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The only thing I don't like is the power plug it sometimes don't want to charge	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought the tablets for my kids. The tablet isn't really friendly for them. The home pages try to take you to amazon stuff only and when they download games it's kind of hard to find them. Battery life can't hold up to a 5yr old. He runs it dead quicker then it can charge.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I need tablets that were cheap but had the processing speed that I needed to run certain apps. My children actually use them (I bought two because they were so cheap) and I have yet to have any problems. I love the individual profiles... Initally I didn't have any parental setting on there but my son quickly started purchasing books and such that he liked with my money.... Hence the individual profiles and limited access and a password on my profile. I'd recommend this product because of the price and functionality of the product. I love it and my kids do too.	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm very happy i chose the amazon fire tablet. It's easy to use and i easily got the apps i needed.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet thinking it will fill a void when my previous tablet was stolen, and it has done much more than i expected for it has apps no play store has, and amazon keeps me posted on any updated apps available for download through my email. I could not have purchased a better device for the price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
When i first got the tablet the screen was damaged, overall it's a decent tablet. Its sorta slow, at the end of the day all i gotta say is only bruisers remain.	USB-C Charging Cable
I do love my Amazon tablet. Wish they had some apps that google play and apple have like kidstub. But other than that great tablet...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the overall tablet. What I don't like is the constant ads that pop up because they want you to purchase whatever app you're using. Kind of annoying.	Wired Headphones
This is a great product. Easy to navigate and use with Wifi.	Wired Headphones
This is the second one we have purchased and we really enjoy it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It was a great purchase and I love the way it works	Lightning Charging Cable
I wanted a small tablet to read news and watch videos. I have Amazon Prime, so I figured why not, it is really cheap. Well, I believe you get what you pay for. This fire tablet froze on me, when I only had one thing open. I am very disappointed. It also is very slow when you rotate the screen. Ugh! I will be returning it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
THIS ITEMS IS READING USING IT FOR READING AND LITE SURFING	iPhone
Great speed and fAst great for kid and teens Upgrades easy	Lightning Charging Cable
easy to use and just the right size, love the ease of operating the device, small enough to carry around. still access all my favorites	27in FHD Monitor
We bought 3 of these on Black Friday! They work great and the whole family is happy!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
THIS IS A GREAT NOT TO EXPENSIVE TABLET THAT WE LOVE!	Apple Airpods Headphones
bought the fire - 7 tablet for our granddaughter. she loves it	Flatscreen TV
It's a great product I enjoy the amazon fire stick	Wired Headphones
"The Amazon Fire 7"" tablet is solidly built, dependable, and performs well in all areas. A great purchase."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It work just as good as the tablets that cost much more. If you take care of it it will last a long time.	Lightning Charging Cable
So easy to use. Compact & easy to carry in my bag. Love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I really like this product and have recommended it to others. Great buy for the price.	iPhone
Just using this for music so it does what I need it to do. Would give 5 stars but it falls asleep faster than I would like it to.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet for my 6 year old daughter and she loves it	USB-C Charging Cable
I chose this to check email and Facebook because I don't have a smartphone. It's a lot quicker than getting on my laptop. I use it for YouTube and Pandora also. My only complaint is my old eyes struggle with the smaller print. I am pleased with it!	Wired Headphones
So far I like it, but wish the App Store had the game I play. I haven't done anything else but read so can't comment on other things.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is great for using ebooks as a college student	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my daughter for her 16th birthday and she likes it to ware her mind down at night. She made the comment that it great with the exception that its a bit slow, other than that it suits her needs.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's very appealing for the price, but know in advance that the warranty is only 90 days... I did not. So when my sons device stopped charging due to a lose charging port a little over 2 months after he got it, I didn't rush to call. I have been taking care of seriously ill family members so I put customer service on the bottom of my list of priorities since I thought I had time,,, especially knowing that these types of calls can sometimes take hours which I didn't have. Today my son was home sick, so I had the day to do the things at the bottom of my list so I called Amazon. 52 minutes later, after doing all their trouble shooting steps THREE times and being disconnected once, she decided to tell me that my warranty was only for 90 days but she would be happy to help me buy one for only $49.99........ Ok. After I calmly explained to he that that was full price and I wasn't about to spend that again on a device that barely made it two months, she put me on hold and 5 minutes later she told me that they would generously give me $10 off my next purchase.Moral of the story, know before you buy & if you still buy, call the minute the thing breaks, even if that means your mom will be an hour late for chemo I guess.Also, during my 45 minute search for who to call about the defect (since it wasn't on the box) I found the Amazon support number on a thread with at least 200 other people talking about their defective charging ports. Keep that in mind.If $50 is something you can spend every 2 months, it might be worth it????	Lightning Charging Cable
Oh how I love this product. I spend hours playing solitaire, reading novels, listening to music all provided by my new Kindle Fire! I traded in my old Kindle which I also loved but this new one is a little larger and has more features many of which I haven't used yet. I couldn't be more pleased!	Apple Airpods Headphones
easy to use - easy to hold while reading lighter than my first kindell	Lightning Charging Cable
It's great! The price is right. You can load lots of books and cloud is unlimited to keep your books	Wired Headphones
Bought 2 of these so far and they work great for the price. Buy a mini SD card with it because it only has 8GB onboard. This tablet is a good buy for your kids and you can enable parental controls if you choose to do so. I would recommend this tablet as a good buy. It's not the fastest thing around but it gets the job done. At 50 dollars you can break it and not care lol.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This reader is great for consuming your digital media on the go. With a few tweaks it is quite a function tablet for cheap.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the price. Surfs Web well.great for her to watch netflix on	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this tablet for my grandmother and rooted it to remove all the amazon ware on it. She isn't technologically savvy but has loved playing with this tablet and is becoming a youtube expert. Can't go wrong for the price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought kindles for my twins last November and I loved this product so much that I purchased them for my triplets for their birthday.	Lightning Charging Cable
I basically just brought it for my child to play with. I didn't want to pay a lot of money for a tablet so this was the way to go.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
has all the apps and functions the kids will ever want..	Lightning Charging Cable
We only used this camera for a couple weeks but it does its job. Is not slow or anything.. If you need it for reading or watching videos, or only for one thing at time is great.	Lightning Charging Cable
Absolutely love it! Love the app store and the camera.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought it on sale, couldn't ask for more for such a great product and price!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I enjoy it it connect fast it's small but I needed something I can put on my purse	Bose SoundSport Headphones
this fire was for my daughter for her birthday she loves it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I needed a 2nd tablet and this was a great purchase.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Have the original fire hd, but wanted another one. this one is great because of the camera.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice display, convenient size, lots of apps and books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for kids. They just love how simple it to use and great price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Enjoy the fire kindle and would recommend to people	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet is nice, screen is very clear. However, too many ads pop up during use, no way to disable them. Very frustrating when using. If that were corrected I would better be able to recommend this item.	Wired Headphones
Great small tablet for kids. Very User friendly, because ugly several to use as give away items for kids ministry.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have bought 8 of these. They are perfect for kids	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 2.5 year old autistic son. We have downloaded all kinds of sensory apps and learning apps. It's such a wonderful tablet to take on the go as well as for home use!	USB-C Charging Cable
As an Amazon Prime media consumption device it can not be beat for the price. If you are not a Prime member don't bother. Put the fifty bucks toward an iPad which can't be topped for a media device.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet, and the price was amazing!	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this tablet for my son, he loves it. He knows how to work everything.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for 9 year old nephew. He loves the Fire!!	20in Monitor
It's a good little tablet. I don't know if I would get this as my personal main tablet but the whole idea was for my son. He's loving it!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The best part of the kindle is a lot of the games are free.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is my second Kindle Fire, and this is a great improvement from my 1st generation version. With micro sd capabilities, I can download and store so much more. Paired with Amazon Prime and I'm never bored!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This product is not just for reading books. It works just like a tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have bought 2 of these, one for my 4 yr old and one for my 6 yr old. Both of them have previously broken tablets before. I am amazed how well these have stood up to them and how well they perform. A super deal for a tablet. I likely will buy another just for reading for myself since they're smaller and lighter and easier price wise to replace than my iPad. Just a forewarning, the kindle store can be a little wonky and less streamlined in aligning purchases. I wish there was a restore purchases button like in the Apple Store since I've bought stuff in games to have the content disappear... I'm sure if I were less lazy I could call customer support though :)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and update. Great for kids and adults alike.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought two for my kids they love them. Great for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought one of these for my father. He loves it and I noticed it is very well built like if it was built the same way as the Amazon Fire box which I am very impressed by how well built it is. Even the battery terminals are polished chrome tabs. I mean come on what company goes to that much trouble. The charger reminded be of an I-phone charger. Impressed by this little tablet I will have to pick one up for myself now in the near future. Good product for the buck!	Wired Headphones
Pad 50 bucks for this tablet and have been happy with it used a an internet reader. Can play video with some lag and buffering	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good tablet at affordable price, I would recommend for kids or only browsing	Lightning Charging Cable
I have a Fire HDX from several years ago and this one is so much better. The speed is great and the resolution is fantastic. I wish it had a bigger screen but for the price, what more could one want. I like the power and volume switches placemnt so much better than the HDX.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We picked these up to help people register to vote at events. They have proven to be durable with a respectable battery life and enough compute power to do the work without lag and annoyance. The size is perfect for voter registration drives or other community out reach.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Kindle is nice for road trips to watch movies. Good battery life. It's cool.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a good product for the price easy for kids to use	Google Phone
I bought this primarily for reading books and it is just the right size. Easy to figure out how to use once you figure out the various tabs at the top that scroll (Apps, books, etc).	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for my son. It's not top quality but for $50 it's not bad	iPhone
If you are looking for a reader that is just a bit more than a reader this is the right product. I bought this for my wife so she would stop trying to read on her small phone, and she absolutely loves it. Battery life is good, build quality is great, for the price there is really no comparison.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter bought a Kindle Fire when it cost $200 and thought it was a good deal for something that did so much. Mine was only $50 at my local Best Buy, and it's truly a marvel -- I can watch TV and movies from my library, read books and emails, and order products. I can't imagine any more for any less. Clear, bright colors, crisp lettering, although small (I bought the 7-inch screen).	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my Amazon Fire Tablet so much that I purchased one for all my kids and my 78 year old mother as well. She has never used a tablet and it was easy enough for her to figure out and she uses it everyday!	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is the best I have seen for $50. The screen is very readable which is more than I can say for anything else at this price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my daughter and she loves it. I also use it as a e-reader	Google Phone
I picked up the tablet Black Friday, intending it as a gift for my daughter. I knew beforehand that it had a crippled Android OS. I also knew that it wouldn't be top of the line for the price paid. However, for a sub hundred dollar tablet it is pretty good... After a little tweaking ( custom ROM with a few kernel adjustments)	Wired Headphones
This was a great price for a entry level tablet, It can do all the things I need it to well like Netflix and checking the weather.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the 7 inch Kindle fire. Great graphics and easy to handle and read from!	Google Phone
I bought this item for my kid so he could do homework and investigate different things as youtube, google etc. It works perfectly , with great speed and resolution.	USB-C Charging Cable
Had a Google Nexus which I really liked but started having issues with the power connection. After replacing the USB connector I still had issues with it so I decided to replace it. Did my research and purchased a Kindle Fire and loved it so much I bought two more to give to my parents.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this to read books online and also to check out from my local library. It takes a little getting used to because I also have an older IPad, but the more I use it, it seems pretty easy.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my teenager and she loves it. The only hard part was getting it set up for her without giving her access to my account	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased as a gift for a family member who just wanted to be able to watch videos and play games while his wife shopped. Wonderful beginner tablet and no issues so far. Very user friendly.	Wired Headphones
I like how cheap this is. It's great for browsing the Internet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I had a Kindle Fire HD 6"" but felt it was too small a screen and too heavy for how small it was. The Kindle Fire 7"" is perfect for me. I don't watch movies or videos so not having HD doesn't bother me. I am enjoying this one more."	Wired Headphones
I bought this to replace my Kindle touch. Since Kindle's no longer have speaker options. It's good for reading but to small to be used as a primary tool.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price this is a great tablet. I've had the Fire HD6 with a better screen but the 7 has a SD slot for more memory. Screen resolution between the two is very similar while viewing movies and tv.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So simple to use! My only complaint is the inability to change the background without going through all kinds of steps and using a special app. :-( I bought it for my 9yr old son and he loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my wife. With a little help from our daughter we got it set up. So far so good.	iPhone
Incredible value for the price! And it's the perfect size. Try one out at Best Buy and you'll see what I mean!	USB-C Charging Cable
Not bad for an entry level consumer. Decent for kids (with a bumper) and adults that aren't super tech savvy.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as a gift for my moms birthday and she loves it. The screen size is just right and it really fast for the games she plays.	Wired Headphones
Purchased as a gift for teenager. Love that it encourages her to read and lets her do other light web.	Apple Airpods Headphones
great tablet for the price easy to use and came very quick	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Before the purchase, I was concerned that the unit will be as slow and awkward to use as some other entry-level tablets that I had purchased in the past but I was very wrong to think that. This tablet is fast and easy-to-use. Way to go Amazon!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for a graduation gift when you are unsure of what the person finds interesting.	USB-C Charging Cable
How can't you like a cheep tablet that almost does everything a iPad does? I bought this as a book reader but it is so much more.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My husband needed a new kindle and he can do so much with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very simple, works good for checking email and surfing. Very Amazon intense. Lots of advertising.	USB-C Charging Cable
Instead of buying books, it made more sense to use this Kindle as our library for the kids.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this reader for a trip I was planning. I must say, it is awesome! The size is just perfect to throw in a backpack and the resolution is very good for this pricepoint. You can't go wrong purchasing this!	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for my Mother-in-Law. She wanted the Bible put on it. I loved it for myself! I almost kept it. it was great, but I already have an iPad.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great to travel with . Overall it is user friendly.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was my second purchase of this style and brand of tablet.My first one unfortunately met with a accident,and needed replaced.This tablet has front and rear facing cameras,addable storage,and extreme ease of accessability.Love it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you are fan of iOS and iPad then you will not like this product. I prefer to give it to either kids who want to play and watch videos or people who loves to read( only if they Amazon prime account).	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This l'il baby does everything my wife wants from her laptop without forcing her to sit at a table to do it. For the money this cannot be beaten!	27in FHD Monitor
This is the second one I have bought now. Quick delivery and service is great as always	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great little Tablet for the price. Easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It 's the perfect gift for a senior who has never owned a computer but understands the cellphone.	USB-C Charging Cable
Decent product, great for kids, cheap enough that if it breaks it is not a huge deal	USB-C Charging Cable
We purchased this as a replacement for a tablet our son previously had. No bugs, no lagging, graphics are great, sound is great, lighting fast. Works perfect as we have an Amazon Prime account.	iPhone
This is the 3rd tablet that we have purchased and at $50 you can't go wrong. Great for the kids to watch Netflix in the car. The only issue or flaw is the charging input always is the first to go.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this to upgrade from my old kindle as it wasn't connecting to the Internet quick enough. I am happy with the connection and speed of this product.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire - 7 tablet is a terrific tiny tablet for the awesome price of $50. I can easily access the Internet wherever there is free WiFi. I can carry oodles of books with me wherever I go. It's fast, sleek, lightweight, already loaded with apps I want to use, and a steal at the price! I don't have a smart phone by choice and find that the Fire-7 meets my needs sufficiently.	Wired Headphones
I love this kindleGreat for adults and kids.Fast processor for price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a decent tablet for the money. Pleased with purchase.	Wired Headphones
For the price hands down best tablet out there. Excellent for reading in bed without disturbing your partner thanks to the blue shade mode.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my son who enjoys watching videos and listening to music. Good quality tablet and good screen.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I needed a tablet for once in a while use. So far it is great for my use. Small, clear and I like Amazon products so it was great to find it at Best Buy so I did not have to wait for shipping	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet for the price. Nice screen, fairly easy to use, lots of games and apps. This was a gift for my mom who isn't the most tech-saavy and she likes it a lot.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great price. Easy access to apps. Simply love it!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i liked mine so much i bought another this one for my granddaughter	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my daughter and she really loves it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got this for my daughter and we're both happy with the quality	Wired Headphones
Works well. Lots of advertising. Minecraft works great and other video games.	USB-C Charging Cable
it's just ok for a tablet, it doesn't have google play store of course which limits a wide variety. I would think by now they would offer most of the play store apps but nope. It's slow and browser doesn't load pages with flash or graphics good. poor camera. but it functions ok for a cheap tablet. i didn't expect a lot, but did expect better from kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I haven't put my Fire Tablet down since I got it at Christmas time on sale. Got one for my wife and niece.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great purchase was gift for friends and they love it!	Wired Headphones
I purchased this so my wife and I could each have a kindle. It works fine but did notice some flaws in the kindle as far as the screen, some spots inside the screen where they do not light up correctly. Haven't taken it back yet to see if it can be fixed.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I got this to upgrade my wife's original kindle fire. While it is better, the original fire was still getting it done. Actually gave it to my parents who just wanted a basic tablet.Only draw back is the ads, but you can live with it	20in Monitor
I really like my kindle. I do wish it had so that you could move books that you had read to another area or just mark them as read. I read a lot and sometimes forget if I read the book. It holds so many books and I can take them all anywhere.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was a gift for a senior citizen that is not a fan of computers and technology. After just a few minutes of instruction she picked right up on how much fun she could have with her down loaded games and she also learned how to reach out on the internet for information on subjects that interest her. She is very happy with her gift!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
For a low cost this Kindle offers much more than was expected. It was replacing a earlier model Kindle and it has all the bells and whistles of a high priced tablet.	Wired Headphones
Love my kindle. It work so good i take it everywhere i go	Wired Headphones
Got it as a gift for a family member, and it works pretty good for the price you pay. Not a lot of tablets for $50 range. And it's pretty decent. Recommend to a friend who ended up buying for himself.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this item it's worth the prize my son loves the tsnley	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product for the price. Has everything my child needed. I recommend it for starters	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got these for the neices and nephews they love them.	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter loves this and.enjoys the free books on AmaZon	Vareebadd Phone
Brought this tablet for my 18 month old. Definitely worth it! He mainly uses it for learning games and YouTube kids TV. I'm thinking of buying one for myself in the future. It has a front face camera however it's only 2.0 megapixels, so picture quality isn't that great. But other wise you will be happy if you decide to buy this tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the Kindle. Very useful when traveling outside house to friends.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my 4 yr old daughter and it's been outstanding!!! With separate parent controls makes it a breeze to keep kids away from unwanted sites!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a great gift for my niece. She's 7, and she loves it. A lot of games, videos, movies, books... The tablet fits everywhere, and the price is great!	LG Dryer
I like my kindle and got it at great price.I would recommend it to someone and it's kid friendly as well so it's great to read books.	Wired Headphones
Bought this as a gift for a family member to replace an older tablet, works great.	USB-C Charging Cable
Images quality better than l had imagine. Good for games and easy to download games on Amazon . My son love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Navigating around the tablet can be somewhat confusing at times, but for the price you cannot get a better tablet.	20in Monitor
It's a wonderful little tablet. Was going to shop around. Saw it first, thought I'd try it. Haven't used the cameras yet. I love the size. It's just what I need. I browse the internet. Shop &play games. Also watch TV programs &much more.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My kids love their new tablet Easy to use for them and myself	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Really fast small and easy to store away and I always use it at work.	Wired Headphones
It's a kindle...great kindle for a great price. Expandable memory can be used to expand your movie or game library. It also has great sound and picture quality.	USB-C Charging Cable
Used to replace my wife's kindle classic that she loved to read books with.Had several Android tablets she tried to use, but they were too slow or responded incorrectly. This one is fast, responds properly and has far more capability than she is using. Only disadvantage compared to the classic is battery life, but it is certainly good enough.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great functionality, user friendly and nice apps..	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a tablet that's moderate priced with good results. Recommended highly for beginners or pre teens.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Excellent tablet for the price! I use it as a reader and to surf the web.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased the Kindle Fire as a replacement for my Nook Tablet. My hope was that it would be a reasonable replacement for what I essentially was primarily using as an E-reader. It has surpassed all of my expectations at a much more reasonable cost.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This product is great. The customer service is great	Macbook Pro Laptop
It was affordable and it works great I hope it stays that way	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use tablet good for the kids and around the house. Only issue is that sometimes it takes long to recharge.	ThinkPad Laptop
It was very easy to use. My grandma was able to figure it out with no problem	iPhone
i have never used this product before found it to be very easy	Lightning Charging Cable
I was really hoping for this to take place for my phone with my kid. It did not. It works decent to stream videos.	iPhone
This little Kindle was worth the money for sure. I would tell all my friends to buy this because of the great price that it is.	iPhone
This kindle tablet has been amazing. I am so glad with this purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought it for my 6 year old nephew. It's user friendly and my nephew loves to have his own tablet finally	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son enjoys this tablet, it works well but for his next one we will get a larger screen size. Overall great value and well worth the price.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought this for my 10 year old daughter to use with our homeschool. It's just the right size for her to carry around. Big enough to see videos well but not so big that it's difficult to deal with. We love it.	Wired Headphones
the tablet works just like my laptop quick& fast .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great value for the money. With Amazon's apps for kids it has been alot of fun and easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product and great price! Worth more then what you pay!	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this for my eight year old child. I didn't want to spend a ton of money so for what I paid it was worth the money.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Price is right, my kids love this tablet, like more	27in FHD Monitor
You couldn't ask for a better value. Does everything you'll ever need from a tablet and it is not some cheap knock off brand. Real deal for under fifty bucks? Can't beat it!	Wired Headphones
Tablet works wells for easy reading. It is also very lightweight.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for a security camera display.I downloaded the app, connected the 2 devices and it is working out great.	ThinkPad Laptop
This little android tablet does everything I want it to. And for the price, it can't be beat. 50$!	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for a beginner Tablet being used by older	Wired Headphones
This is s good inexpensive tablet that works well for young folks.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this item to catch up on my book series which was easy to find with the built in amazon book store app. It also has great apps for games and anything you are looking for. I definitely recommend this. its a great deal at a great price.	
This is a great tablet for gaming, movies and of course reading. The child's version is awesome also.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
bought this as an upgrade for my 9 yr old son from his Nabi and he loves it	Wired Headphones
Both my Boys, ages 3 and 7 absolutely LOVE their tablets! I couldn't be happier with them and very satisfied with the price!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought one of these and then bought another for my neice. She loves it. Plays games, reads, checks emails.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids loved this tablet and use it almost every day, battery life is pretty good for how much they use it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this is a perfect tablet for our 10 year old so he can play games	Apple Airpods Headphones
My granddaughter loves to play games on this tablet. At the same time she can look for information on internet for her school homework. Another think I like about it, is that you can use an sd card for extra storage. It's very user friendly!	Vareebadd Phone
I bought the Amazon Fire thinking it was all that and it is as long as I am home with a strong wifi. It does not pick up wifi good the connection is very weak when I try to connect elsewhere like I have to be right near the box or it doesn't pick up. But I find that with my camera also an Amazon product. Ok so that may be the problem.	27in FHD Monitor
We got this tablet for my aunt so she could read, check emails, and play games. It is very easy to setup and use for anyone!	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use and convenient when you need to check or look something up quickly. The low price was a good incentives to try this product.	Google Phone
Amazon fire connected with Overdrive,Kindle and Amazon aidiobooks.	Wired Headphones
Quality was good and the bluetooth worked ok but diconnected at times maybe because it was not charged?	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for Kids! Less than half the price of an iPad.	Google Phone
One of the cheapest tablets anyone can buy. I bought 2 of these for my kids,and they love it	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my second kindle. The first one stopped holding a charge. I don't know if that is a problem with the Kindle or not but I still love my Kindle.	Wired Headphones
I purchased the tablet as a gift for my children. It was very cost effective and works great for their needs.	ThinkPad Laptop
My son has the vacuuming chore. He loves his new toy! It is light and seems to 'walk' itself.	iPhone
Nice tablet for the price. Screen is very clear. Tablet makes Amazon Prime more enjoyable.	Wired Headphones
Great for reading, love the selection of apps to choose from.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got it for my daughter. Great tablet. It replaces a fire HD 6.	Lightning Charging Cable
Does all of the basics and then some. A lot more than I expected from a $ 50 unit.	Wired Headphones
Good tablet for my wife to use for social media and looking up items for remodeling our house.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I spend more money taking my family out to dinner for a night than I spent on this wonderful little thing. I picked up a rubber guard and screen protector from another big box retailer and have a perfect tablet for my two-year-old for less than 70 bucks. This tablet has a kids profile mode which makes it perfect for your little one but also all the apps and great Amazon accessibility for the adults. I took a star off for the tiny amount of internal memory which gets used up extremely quickly so I would definitely recommend a micro SD card and making sure you change the settings to store your apps on the card and not be internal memory. Otherwise no complaints and several places on the Internet will tell you how to use another big-name App Store to download your favorites.	Google Phone
my 3 year old loves her kindle, Netflix and an abundance of games for her to learn from. Exceptionally easy to set up and use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice, lightweight tablet for reading and occasional web surfing. Mostly used for reading.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am just learning all the possible functions of my Kindle Fire, but it already does what I bought it for. I hope that I will get more enjoyment as I explore it more fully.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have enjoyed these little tablets and now they come with the micro sad card port making it better	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet for kids. I like the fact that it is not expensive, in case it is lost or broken. I bought a second tablet for my son and it works great!	Wired Headphones
GREAT TABLET FOR MY DAUGHTER And she loves it so very much...Thanx again Best Buy...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife uses for watching movies, reading, Pandora etc...honestly does everything her more expensive tablets did.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my ten year old son. It's perfect for him! He loves to download music and games on it.	Wired Headphones
My son loves his tablet, it is very inexpensive and works well. I only paid $50 for it	USB-C Charging Cable
I went from a Paper white to the Kindle Fire and it's been great! It's easy to use and to read my books. Lots of stuff you can do with this from watching movies to taking care of my email and Facebook etc. All round easy to handle and is a nice computer tablet in the palm of my hands. I like the way the controls are at the top so I don't accidentally turn the power off in the middle of something when I was using other devices that had the on off button at the bottom. I just wish the power reserve would last as long as my Kindle Paper White. The battery runs down fester than I'd like.	iPhone
I love that there is a free writing app that resembles Word and I can type documents which can be saved to Dropbox directly from the app.	Lightning Charging Cable
It does everything any other tablet will do. You can't beat the price. The only bad thing is the camera it's as sharp and clear. The pictures come out kinda of dull. But other that great little tablet make sure you get more memory.	Lightning Charging Cable
Right size to carry anywhere, very good display to read, great camera, great to take on long trips with books and movies	Flatscreen TV
It's small, light and easily portable. Powerful enough for all your basic tablet needs like streaming, reading, light gaming and Internet browsing. Perfect for a child's first tablet or on-the-go use.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am ALWAYS impressed with all Amazon products !!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for beginners. Wanted something simple and that's what I got	Wired Headphones
I absolutely love the kindle fire my boyfriend got it for my two youngest children who are five n six n must say I love the restriction time and parental control out of everything!	Wired Headphones
Very good tablet. Only issue was starting it up. Great processor, lots of storage and great camera. Highly recommended for the price. Practical Steal.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great device to have also inexpensive, I brought 5 of these. Get one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Its ok but the chargers brake easily but overall its the best	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got two, one for each of my grand daughters. They love the portability and it allows them to both be up at the same time.	ThinkPad Laptop
I have bought 3 of these units in the past 60 days and I find them wonderful entry level tablets for anyone looking too get the Best Buy for their money!	Lightning Charging Cable
We had one and it was broken so I purchased another one.	Lightning Charging Cable
Simple to use and great for a child's first electronic	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the essential tablet for reading an extensive library of books on the Amazon store.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for the daughter with an eyesight/ learning disability. Loved it as I could change the size of text and the color of the background.	Macbook Pro Laptop
For the price you pay and to do basic functions this table is well worth the money.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this for daughter as a first tablet. She loves it and it is easy to use. Plus it won't break the bank for a great quality tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased the Kindle fire about three weeks ago and rarely pick up my iPad anymore. It is a great reading device with the flexibility of allowing you to access many other basic applications. I carry it with me practically all the time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves this tablet. Easy to use and great battery life.	Wired Headphones
Great Kindle, the only complaint I have so far is that it does NOT have a charging light, so that you know when it is charging, or when it is fully charged.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Powerful tablet, perfect for the kids. Has everything they need all for under $50! Great buy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Wish Amazon didn't have the ad screen at start up. Makes it confusing for children.Price is great.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Except for having to put up with ads on the screen saver, this pad is great. Easy to use, easy to add apps to as well as easy to use as a e-reader.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Perfect starter tablet; just right for kids to use"	Wired Headphones
I liked the tablet I bought its amazing works just fine thank u best buy	ThinkPad Laptop
bought for my niece for Christmas and she love it. cost effective and does what she need it too. Play games an read.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's an amazing product I stand behind it! Good job	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. I also like that I can control acess and get emailed copy of all apps she dowloads	Bose SoundSport Headphones
THE BEST TABLET THAT I BOUGHT and the best gifffft	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought the tablet for a larger screen than my phone. Love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for a beginner. My son used it like a pro. .	ThinkPad Laptop
First of all I pleased on how easy it was to buy the product on line and it was here exactly the date that they said it would be. I enjoy the kindle it's easy to use.	27in FHD Monitor
My tablet is the best thing I have gotten from you	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet for an affordable price. Has most of the functionality you would get with a high-end tablet with expandable memory. Access your books, browse web, email, etc. Nice screen resolution, no issues with it thus far	Wired Headphones
For my 11 yr old, serves it purpose which is playing games and listening to music	Apple Airpods Headphones
I enjoy my kindle fire very much. Great price. Buy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I liked this item. You will too. Inexpensive. Purchased for son	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it so my son would stop grabbing for my phone. Does what it needs to but battery life is horrible	27in FHD Monitor
Bought it for my husband as I have an apple ipad. He loves it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great product for the price easy to use can download games for the kids to use as well	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a present for my mother. It was exactly what she wanted. She finds it easy to use and allows her to read Kindle as well.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got 3 of these tablets for my grandchildren and they use them constantly. Very good price. A little difficult to set up.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This product is great, and I really like it. Especially for kids.	Google Phone
Cheap an easy to use for my 6 year old sun to play. Easy navigation lots of games to choose from along with apps.	Wired Headphones
It's easy to use. Compact enough to easily fit into my purse. Love carrying it with me wherever I go to read when I get some down-time.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is simply the best tablet you can buy in this price range. Easy to use, decent battery yield, good for occasional use. I use it mainly to read news, read emails, browse internet, see movies on the go, etc. Overall, its a wonderful / good quality product at an unbeatable price, you can't go wrong buying it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased this to replace my original Kindle Fire (which still works but no longer updates and can't use newer apps). It's a great bargain. Perfect size for reading and browsing the web.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect for travel and home. We have 5 in our house and everyone loves them.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought it so my son could play ABCMouse.com without his baby brother closing it on hom, like he does with the laptop. Also good for my audiobooks.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought as a gift for my daughter. She loves it and uses it all the time	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this after speaking with a sales rep in Tigertown. I bought this for my kid and he loves it. Its my 2nd kindle.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent cameraKids friendly, battery last longer,easy to carry	iPhone
Bought for son- great tablet for a great price!! Would buy again :)	Lightning Charging Cable
So slow, camera not good, very low quality of picture.. Get Apple iPad mini instead.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this so my great granddaughters could do their ST Math at home. So far this is all they have used it for. Not being schooled in how to set up it was difficult for me. At times it does freeze and have to turn it off to get it to restart. All in all it is working for what I bought it for.	Google Phone
I bought it for my daughter. she seems to be entertained.	USB-C Charging Cable
If you are buying it is a great price. To buy for you kids . They should come with a case for same price.	Lightning Charging Cable
All I bought this for is to wake up in morning easier. It wakes me during my lightest part of sleep within a 30 minute window . That was what made me get this over fitbit.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is an accessible tablet and easy to use, great for kinds and granma	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really enjoy the fire tablet I also have a iPad but the $50 you can't go wrong I bought 1 for each of my kids so they leave my iPads alone lol	USB-C Charging Cable
I mainly purchased this tablet for my toddler. I didn't want to spend too much on a tablet since she only likes her one baby app. It works well, good image and sound. Can't beat the price!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to setup and navigate, great product for the price!!!	ThinkPad Laptop
Bad graphics. Ugly design. Good for the price. Not recommended.	Wired Headphones
Great screen and load speed is quick. Can watch movies and search on internet with out any problem-	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great quality for the price. Great for kids as it's not a huge loss if it breaks, though I still recommend getting a protective cover for it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, purchased it for a child! Great tablet for kids!	Lightning Charging Cable
I really enjoyed this purchase,will by this product again	Lightning Charging Cable
Not only is this for anyone who has a hard time affording an expensive tablet, it is just a great all around great buy. I bought it because Prime allows you to download movies onto the device so that you could watch them on a plane or anywhere you don't have wifi.	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent, well worth the money. Great screen, easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
The sole purpose of purchasing the Kindle Fire 7 tablet was reading. I own a Samsung tablet and when attempting to read I become distracted with social media and games. Right now, my Fire table only has apps utilized for reading and video and I've been able to stay focused. I love the portability of the Fire!	Wired Headphones
Can't find a better tablet for the price! Not HD but good enough. Expandable memory is very nice!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I liked this product. A real good value. Was very happy with the customer sales person that helped me find what i was looking for and demonstrated how it worked and the benefits of one brand verses the other that i was considering.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am a major reader and love that I can now carry hundreds of books with me so I can read whenever I want.	iPhone
I love so far. processes at decent speed I've been able to do what I need without problems. I only wish all the apps on screen didn't have to be visible. Can't enjoiy a screen saver if its covered with icons	Lightning Charging Cable
I've bought over 10 replacement charging wires, the ones with the micro mail end that inserts into the Fire to charge it. After one or two uses, the wires become loose and fall out. They definitely won't stay put to charge. Does anyone else have this problem? What's the solution? If not for this, I would recommend it.	Wired Headphones
Very satisfied with the small tablet. Larger than my phone so I can see things better when I play games and look up thing on the internet.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet. I bought it for my daughter and it's very easy for her to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my second kindle. I think I overloaded the old one. My only complaint is my old cases don't work on it. Guess I'll just have to buy new!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was traveling and wanted a tablet to fit in my purse. This is perfect for me. I can look at my emails, facebook, do my banking and read the local papers, also kept up on all events in the area I traveled. I love it and so happy I purchased it!!	USB-C Charging Cable
I looked all over for a tablet and Best Buy had only two left so I knew it was meant to be.	LG Washing Machine
I bought a bunch of these for Black Friday. Well worth the money. Each person I gave them to for Christmas was so happy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought to replace our broken kindle reader. Good battery life and size, much heavier than our old paper white. Easy to organize and find your documents, and books with. Wireless works smooth so far.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A good value for the price, easy to use, like the size and weight of the product.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son loves his kindle. Great product for the money.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Set it up for my husband and he loves it. Was a great value for product.	Google Phone
Works great for my 5 year old, bought a child case and is just the right size for him to play games and watch movies.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Thr fire is a great gadget for almost any occasion or circumstance, gathering info. or just relaxing.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the price to buy for your kids versus buying the more expensive ipad	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is better than any other tablet of the same cost range. My son saved up to buy his own tablet and had similar priced tablets break or have software issues. This tablet has a nice quality screen and it is nice to be able to not be forced to do everything through Amazon despite it being an Amazon tablet. The option of a Best Buy replacement plan is handy when getting the tablet for kids.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my wife, and she love's it. It's fast and very convenient!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Sad that I had to replace my original Kindle due to inability to recharge the unit. Now with this model the charge plug is a pain to use. Kindle please work on your designs.	Google Phone
Love my new Amazon Fire Tablet! Love to read and this was perfect for me!	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the size, and sharp clear pictures and sounds	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought product for my 9yr old son. He loves watching videos and playing games on it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought one and then another one . I have been trying a lot of cheap tablets just to see how they compete with high end tablets . This one so far it's the best of the best . Quality and price wise. I mean 50 dollar ? Really ? I feel like I'm getting paid to take it home . Amazing product you won't be disappointed . Screen is not that good but then again , 50 dollars ? Buy it !!!! Give it a spin you won't be disappointed its very fast for such a small tablet .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is a good buy for the price. Allows quick and easy access to the internet. Great product for a 1st time user.	Google Phone
If it wasn't for my receiving an e-mail advertisement from Best Buy's weekly deals, I would not have seen Kindle Fire on sale. I have been most pleased and satisfied with the product and the free shipping offer from Best Buy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Slightly slow. However, really good for the price. Also... these Amazon tablets don't use the normal google app store... they use the Amazon app store, which is not as extensive as the Google App store. This can be a significant drawback.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids break stuff, not on purpose, but they break electronics. Rather than spend hundreds on other tablets(that might get broken), this kindle at this price was a no brainer. No bugs, simple menus, easy to use for kids 6+.	Flatscreen TV
I like how easy it is to do what i need on this tablet, like downloading apps,playing games, streaming on netflix and taking pictures.	Wired Headphones
The Fire is a great tablet for beginners. It is easy to use and it works perfect for me.	ThinkPad Laptop
Gets the job done. Lots of free apps available. I would buy a second one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"It is slick and a little hard to hold; otherwise it's great."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a 1st gen Fire and enjoyed it but this one is a lot more fun. Love the dual cameras, the more user friendly interface and the ability to add apps from google play, so my apps are in sync with the apps on my phone. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a versatile tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
OVERALL, HAVE LOVED ITEM, EASY TO CARRY AROUND AND USE.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Other members in my family had a Kindle Fire, and I saw how great it worked so I got one. I love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Once connected to my wi-fi, it would not connect to daughters wi-fi when I visited her. The loading time for programs is really slow. Oh well, what did I expect for only $49??	Vareebadd Phone
Been reading reviews for months. I decided to take a chance when I saw this on sale for $10 off and I am glad I did. I love to read and reading is easy and relaxing, I dont have to worry about losing my place and Amazon always offers up the next book in the series so I can continue reading with very little interruption. I know that some have complained about missing pixels on the screen, mine was just fine, maybe they have conquered the pixel problem. Highly recommended.	20in Monitor
I love my kindle I take it everywhere with me. It's lightweight fits in my purse just great deal!	Google Phone
I got this because I love to read. Lots of books on it. I really love the battery life on it. I can go a week with one charge on it. No complaints except now I got to find time to read all the books on it	Google Phone
It is a great tablet. Both of my kids have one. Would buy another one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Worked well just was misinformed of the ability to download Google Play... Was told it was easy to.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I gave this to me niece as a christmas gift and it she was very happy with it.	Flatscreen TV
Enjoying my gift Amazon and taking it everywhere I go.	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet for my 8 year old son and he loves it. You can't beat $50 for this tablet. Not the most powerful or the best screen but compared to anything in this price range it's great.	27in FHD Monitor
I bring it with me every where. I read my books on it, surf the web, and play my favorite games on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my son to watch movies and play games on and it has proven to be a great tablet so far. Would definitely recommend this tablet to any other buyer. It is tough and sturdy.	iPhone
I own many tablets but for 40 bucks this was a no brainer. Great buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Traveled for work to an island for 6 weeks. Was great for plane rides there and back, as well as on the island with me always being on the move	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This thing does everything and only 49 bucks I use it everyday	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love my Kindle Fire 7. It's the perfect size cause it fits in my purse for easy travel. I take it with me just about everywhere I go. It's easy to read and use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I needed a tablet to play games, watch movies and so on while traveling. I didn't want to spend a lot of money. This tablet meets my expectations.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"This is what it has come to. You can now buy a quality tablet for $50. Amazing! Works well, just couple things. It uses amazon app store, not, Google play store. It runs an OS called Fire 5.0, which is based on android OS. So you may not find apps that are available the same as android. Of course, all of the big name apps are there. But if you want to hold a good quality piece of hardware in your hands for not a lot of money, this is a great choice. Amazon has a philosophy. They want to make money AFTER the sale. So that's why they get you in at a low price. Also, they have created a revenue stream by selling ads. When your screen times out, it will post a ""screen saver/wallpaper"" that is an advertisement. If you want, you can go to your amazon account, pay a one time $15 fee (per unit, not per account) to get rid of them,"	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought 2 tablets. One for my oldest daughter an then one for my husband. Haven't had any issues with either. About to buy another one for my youngest now	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandsons are very entertained with the tablets.	USB-C Charging Cable
Tv look good in my room so I kind see videos thats good for me! !	iPhone
I always liked reading books in physical form, but it just got to hard to carry around. Plus, my bookshelf was too full. This solves both problems!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
easy to use, practical, bigger than a phone smaller than an ipadeasy on the eyes. the only draw back is the touch screen needs to be easier. one must tap harder to open the apps. otherwise very satisfied with this item	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The price is right for a kid's tablet. If they break it, I won't be very mad. It's easy to set parental controls too.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Had a first generation Nook, this was way more than I was expecting. Plus the Prime membership is worth it just for shipping !	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its just enough for my 3 yr old. Enough storage space. Easy to navigate through.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is an affordable tablet and thaks to Amazon, you are able to have a variety of music, games and films.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and can put parental blocks on it so that the kids don't get into what they shouldn't.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this tablet for a 8 year old boy. Works really well. We have had no problems with anything. It is used primarily for games.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the 2nd fire tablet ive purchased. The first was for my daughter ans she	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Worked fine for a month, then refused to take a charge. Returned to best buy, and advised that amazon like to handle their own warranty issues. Stuck with a store credit card. I suppose it will get used, but not impressed with the product at all	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 8yo daughter to replace a Trio tablet that didn't even last 2 months. It has been fine for my daughter for playing games, checking email etc. No complaints here.	USB-C Charging Cable
It works well w/ existing prime members for videos. The device can be enabled to utilize amazon free for parents to control contents on the device (games, videos, books, etc). but there is a monthly charge to the service.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to set up parental controls and email notification are a great tool on the tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This movie could have been a little more action packed. Ok for what it was	Lightning Charging Cable
Processor is pretty quick. Screen resolution is fantastic. So far they have been a great value.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I brought this tablet for my granddaughter she played her brothers and I want her to have one	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Okay don't like the setup. I like Android way better. Cannot download you tube. It is for my six year old who has lost 3 3ds xls if he can keep this one from damage's for 6 months he gets an up grade.its very small	Flatscreen TV
Who needs a laptop that takes up so much space? Go for this Amaon Fire that fits in your hands. It has capabilities for multiple accounts and time limits for children...or even your spouse. Worth the price and very convenient. No lap required.	Wired Headphones
This is a good tablet for my daughter. Does everything she needs it to do.	Flatscreen TV
Finally a kindle for mom! Great value for the price!	Lightning Charging Cable
Screen, camera, and processor don't perform too well but for the price you pay, it's definitely a bargain.	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter enjoys that tablet a lot. Also the amazon free time app is great for kids.	Wired Headphones
Good tablet. Easy to use. Good for anyone who likes to read.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves this. Having access to her favorite apps and games is great without all the adult content.	iPhone
My daughter loves her kindle. She enjoys being able to watch youtube and Netflix. It's a perfect size for her.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was worried about what I'd be compromising with a 49 dollar tablet, but this kindle is extraordinary for the specs. Yes it has a mono speaker and it's not HD but it's a fast performing tablet and you can't really tell. I don't regret this purchase at all!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my wife and I think she was able to use it maybe a week before our kid stole it. He loves the thing.	Product
#NAME?	Macbook Pro Laptop
Good starter tablet. Best used as a book reader. Not really for business use	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very satisfied with the size and performance and a great deal	Lightning Charging Cable
PPI too low for reading.. kinda regret getting it.. should've gotten a used ipad instead.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Table overall was ok but after 30 days it wouldn't work, and there was no warranty after 30 for Best Buy so I just waste 30 for nothing	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My 8 year old daughter loves it. Easy to use. She watches movies, plays games, and does homework on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
gift for mom,perfect for her enjoyment,good picture	Wired Headphones
Perfect Tablet for our Son we bought it for his 9th Birthday it works great and he couldn't be happier great Tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought for my grand child. She loves it uses it a lot	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for my mom who has never owned one before. Honestly for only 50 bucks this thing is pretty good. It can have a bit of lag from time to time but otherwise very nice. My wife had a first gen kindle fire when they came out. It cool to see how much this Amazon has matured their OS.	Wired Headphones
Great for my daughter and my mom they love it!!!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Pick up 2 for my girls who are preteens, and for the price it does everything plus more. I can monitor them without them knowing. Links straight to your amazon account, would highly recommend this.	20in Monitor
I had been holding out for an iPad mini, but when I took a look at this tablet, it became clear that the iPad was a waste of money. I am really happy with this tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I use a Kindle Paper White for all my reading. 2 hours plus a day. But I am always disappointed when it comes to looking at maps, pictures and diagrams. Although the battery life is much shorter than the reader and the screen is not glare free, the picture is great for these old eyes!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet has been just what we were looking for to introduce our children to tablets. The price is excellent!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for my kids. Not as many features as an ipad, but also 1/4 of the price...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for our daughter. We have downloaded movies and game to it for road trips. She loves it. Super fast. It works great. Picture is beautiful! Get it if you like good electronics on sale!	20in Monitor
I didn't buy it for the tablet purpose I just bout for an eReader and it works fine	Wired Headphones
Great for the price! Love that there are so many free apps, games, etc I can down load through amazon prime. There are some apps not available for down load like Instagram but not a big deal. Happy with purchase!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
if you just want something basic cheap and cannot afford something better then it would be fine. But I needed it to do certain things that the other one was to small to handle.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is used in a work environment. Our tech support team chose this particular tablet for all of us. We use it for contacts, work trail record keeping, and customer support, and are very pleased with how much we can do with it. I say, excellent choice.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Amazon ' s iPad basically and better in my opinion.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We got this for my son to use as a reader and also do audio books with read along. It has been great. He had a laptop but that is too large to be practical. This works perfectly for him.	Flatscreen TV
I love that my son loves to read and all so the Kindle is perfect for him. It updates and is very easy to use. I don't like that it's as fragile as it is. My 12 year old has plenty of electronics but the screen has already cracked on this one. I'm not too happy about that.	Flatscreen TV
Mucch better than my previous tablet. Runs great and fast. Best decision ever	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I have enjoyed this Kindle Fire. Each day, I find something new to explore and I'm thrilled I purchased it.	Wired Headphones
Great non cheap looking tablet at a bargain compared to other brands.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have been so impressed and my kids love it as well.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great little tablet, but I was disappointed it did not wake/sleep with productive cases.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased Kids edition for a gift and got this one for myself. The price was great. This is my third Kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I wanted a simple tablet to be able to download ebooks from my local library and get some more reading done. This definitely fits the bill! It's portable and slim and I can take it anywhere. Would definitely recommend!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Excellent for minor task. Excellent for Video watching.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is one great tablet. I download books from my local library and read them on the go. I love the WiFi and everything about this tablet. I only paid $49 for it, but it is awesome!	Wired Headphones
I got this tablet for a 5 year old. It has been serving its purpose. I am please.	USB-C Charging Cable
If You Want a Regular Tablet With a Low Price Get This Especially if you have a Amazon Account Camera not that Great and Screen kind of low But For $49 Good Price i Like It	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's not the biggest or fastest but for the price it is perfect! It's a great little device that works well.	Google Phone
I purchased this kindle to replace one I had for several years. So far it has preformed great. Easy to use and holds a charge well.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice inexpensive tablet for my grandson to learn on and play games.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wonderful tab. Great for beginners or advanced users. I sugg st a memory chip	USB-C Charging Cable
great tablet. it's great for playing games and reading.	Lightning Charging Cable
easy to use very portable. I now have 2 fire tablets the 7 and an 8.8. the new 7 is so much faster.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Amazing for the price. Exactly what I needed and perfect for trips.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great low priced tablet. Got it on sale and it does exactly what I need it too.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought 2 of these as Christmas gifts. Does everything it needs to do.	iPhone
"All I can say, as soon as I opened this tablet it never ever turned on, I was so upset as I've followed the troubleshooting steps from other users online and still it never worked, I fully charged the tablet and tried again and still it never turned on. I had a very hard time at the best buy returning this item; had to spend an hour and explained the situation to them; they never believed me this item came to be defective; after storming out and after a while; they have decided to accept the return and gave me credit for it.I would never buy an Amazon product ever again. piece of junk, bad quality product.Thanks,"	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this gor my daughter she enjoyed that she was able to stream her videos and also do her school work.	Lightning Charging Cable
Best bang for your buck for a tablet for a kid to start off with	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Has all kinds of games and apps for kids. Very fast.	20in Monitor
Great price for the fire, my other fire stopped working after 4 years, I logged into amazon, and it updated the new one with all my apps	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice little tablet, no frills involved. Small, lightweight with a decent battery life. Easy to root and replace the software with Android	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet seems to be working well so far. It is easy to use. Has a good volume sound.	Wired Headphones
It is a very good buy at this price. Easy to carry	USB-C Charging Cable
All members of the family can use it, children and also seniors	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got a great deal on this tablet after Thanksgiving. It is for a friend that's not to tech savvy. She will use it to watch movies and read books. It already has all of the apps on it that she will use.	USB-C Charging Cable
I downloaded dozens of books and stream movies and tv with no problem in a wi-fi setting. The battery life is not too great. I can stream for about 3 hours and need a recharge but it's great for the price.	Google Phone
Good tablet for reading books you love... still need to get used to it since all I have used in the past are apple products .	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Tablet compares to my Samsung tablet that I paid over $250 for.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it for my husband as a birthday gift. It's perfect for his movies.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The Kindle Fire is FABULOUS! I have kids ages 4 to 16 that utilize these devices every day so they get lots of use and wear and tear. We haven't had any problems and Amazon customer service is top notch.	iPhone
I purchased this for my granddaughter to read books and it was perfect.	Wired Headphones
Good purchase, suits our needs at a reasonable price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Me and my husband love them ..we bought 2 for our kids and they love them so easy to use .... and the kids profile is great the tangerine is a great bright color too	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Me and my husband love them ..we bought 2 for our kids and they love them so easy to use .... and the kids profile is great	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got this on sale during Black Friday. Great little tablet for the price. It isn't fast but gets the job done.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my nephew for Christmas. I'm sure he will enjoying watching movies, reading books, and listening to music.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Hi my name is Stephanie and I teach grades K-8 as a resource room instructor. I help to improve upon my students' reading and math learning goals and skills, and this tablet is great. I recently signed up for a trial membership with IXL, a skill-based website for kids. My students are able to work on their individual skills on this tablet in my classroom, and having it is a good resource. For $50, it is affordable and a great resource to have. Thank you, from Stephanie	AA Batteries (4-pack)
You can absolutely not beat a Kindle fire. Unless you are my 7 year old son. Haha. But seriously at the price and the beatings they take they are worth it every time and with the cloud storage I don't even mind having to replace it every year.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this to test it out to see if it would be good for my nieces' and nephews' Christmas gifts. Got to say, impressed. I went ahead and purchaed several more. I mean, it is not a Nexus 7 or Galaxy Tab, but for the price point, you really can't beat it. The expandability is also impressive, too	USB-C Charging Cable
table is great, works good have had no problems with it and would recommend to a friend	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got it for my kids and they love it they are always playing with it	USB-C Charging Cable
like it a lil slow on boot , needs more freed space for other apps if i knew would have gotten 16gb	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for my elderly mom. Compact, but easily readable.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my godmother. She loves it to pieces.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my five year old and she loves it.	Flatscreen TV
This is the fourth one I have bought. I love them. So easy to read books or go online.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a cool tablet for entry model. has everything you need to get going. Its a little difficult for a child but they can catch on quick.	Flatscreen TV
Bought the Fire for my son. Excellent product for the price.	Wired Headphones
The Tablet works great for the price it cannot be beat. For those concerned about the limiting of apps to Amazon Marketplace there is a downloadable hack that will install Google Apps. Just look it up on Youtube and you are all set.	Wired Headphones
Purchased during Black Friday sale 2016 as an impulse buy. Great little tablet and great value!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought for my wife cause she couldnt see apps on her phone. This works great, now if i could just keep her from shopping	Wired Headphones
Works well. Very bright and easy to read. Can watch Amazon prime with ease. Excellent choice for an additional way to access technology.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great value. Easy to set up. Light weight nd very portable. Will provide hours of entertainment for my child.	LG Washing Machine
I bought this as a gift for my wife for college and she practically lives on it and even does her homework on it! She said that it saved her when her laptop died and needed to be able to complete her school work .... if she's happy I'm happy.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Purchased for my father, 84 years old! Easy to use!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my tablet I can complaint about it that's the best deal for the year	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice for my daughter good product reliable easy Carrington convenient	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great device being utilized by my 5 year old for interactive learning activities. Don't have anything wrong to say about this. This is a great buy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this fire tablet. I can do anything on it, and my 5 year old loves playing games on it too.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's nice for the price, nice gift for kids and grandparents	20in Monitor
I ended up buying this tablet for my grandpa for Christmas , I started setting it up for him and found out I loved it. So I bought myself one, my grandma one, and we adopted 6 kids for Christmas this year and bought them all one. It's easy to use and great for all ages. I also love that they use the Apple Store so I can get my favorite apps and games on it. This is by far the best tablet you will ever get for less than $50. And it now comes in fun colors!	Vareebadd Phone
I bought each of my grandchildren 9-7 and it is easy and durable for them. Just don't like that we can't use Google on it. Other than that, they/I love them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my grandson n a adult friend n they both enjoyed it. Great buy.	ThinkPad Laptop
It is not the greatest tablet I've used, but it is by far the best value for the money.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and great clear image. Only use it as a digital book/magazine. Don't use camera.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading and for browsing on the web. Perfect size!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very easy for our children to use and enjoy for road trips.	iPhone
You get what you p ay for and more for this tablet. I would only go with a kindle or an ipad and who wants to pay 4-6 times as much when kids are hard on things.	27in FHD Monitor
Good tablet for the price. Works as well as a more expensive model.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
what i read about it looked like a great gift for my grnaddaughter	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this Fire...First time...love the books and apps	iPhone
It was a Xmas girt for my granddaughter but read on it's abilities	27in FHD Monitor
Easy to operate, a child can use it, mean apps. The camera and chat an Time are a very good feature. Amazon make it easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my first tablet and I think it is wonderful. I can do so much on it and I use it everywhere I go. It's the perfect size for me because it fits in my lunch bag and my apron pocket at work. I can do all the same things on it as I do on my laptop computer except edit spreadsheets and text docs. However, I can view them on the tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
User friendly, affordable, nice features, good battery life	Google Phone
Tab is good and fit for my req and battery life is also gpod	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was for my grandson and he loved it especially because of alexis app	Lightning Charging Cable
Very disappointed that in order to get to my books, I have to get through ads. Didn't have this on my first Kindle Fire.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought the tablet as a gift for a friend's daughter in another country and they just luv it. She is the talk of her province because of the usefulness and learning games that came with the tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 10 year old loves this tablet and I loved the price. Very easy to use with my Amazon account.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a great purchase i do not regret buying it my son enjoys playing with it alot!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the amount of money it is actually a good tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love it! It's an awesome item and my mom loves it! She wanted this and is not computer savvy so she is more familiar with it since my daughter had one	ThinkPad Laptop
Haven't personally used this tablet but my niece likes it.	Flatscreen TV
Good for the price, but that's not it! The interface is clean as ipad and but there is limitation in app stores. Initially I tried to use this Fire tablet to cast videos to my TV which has the Chromecast embedded. I have not figured out how I can do it. Beautiful display, easy transition from my paperwhite, connected easily to my wifi. I haven't done much yet except read books. It looks so pretty! TANGERINE is so pretty! Good Price as well!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is not an out of the world product but for the price point it is what it is said to be . It does what it advertises nothing more or lessA little slower compared to Samsung Tabs or Ipads but again less then$35 on blackfriday cant complain	Lightning Charging Cable
I wanted an inexpensive tablet for muy son, but still wanted good quality.....it doesn't exist....it does exist this 50 dollar tablet is perfect for him to surf the Web and play his game, my son has it since a year ago go and no problems, so I got one for my nephew.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my 9 yrs son. He loves it. It'd the perfect size for him.	USB-C Charging Cable
If you are looking for big banks for your bucks with an Android tablet, you can rarely go wrong with the Amazon Fire tablet. And if you are invested in the Amazon ecosystem, you definitely should have this tablet.	Wired Headphones
We bought this tablet for our 3yr old niece. She loves being on netflix & youtube and this does the trick!. We also bought one for our 9yr old niece and she loves to read & browse, she loved it. ! You can't beat the price, so far so good.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We got this as a gift for a child. For a first tablet, it's great! Even for an adult it would work wonderfully.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was able to nab this tablet for 40 bucks on sale and it's a great vacation tablet. There is a lot less pressure in losing this tablet and it fills all my basic needs of accessing Facebook, reading books, accessing internet and playing the occasional game. It's also the perfect tablet for the kids after purchasing a good case for it. 40 dollar tablet and they lose it? Drop in the bucket compared to losing/breaking a 300 dollar iPad.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great gift however I wish it was 16G. It was way the angel tree child wanted so thats what she got. Works great and screen is clear.	iPhone
Great gift for a family member to be able to keep in touch...	Apple Airpods Headphones
My sons nook battery was going out this cost less than just replacing the battery and is highly recommended by family members	Wired Headphones
I purchased this for my fiancé. She reads books with it,surfs the web, and watches Netflix on it. Very easy set up and easy to use. It also comes in different colors.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice entry level tablet for minor Web browsing and applications. More bloat ware than I need.	Lightning Charging Cable
These are better for kids instead of those fancy and costly kid tablets if you set these up with right content they need. Resolution is not great though. You get what you pay for.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Nice tablet with all the basic features needed for the daily use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for a family member for Christmas. I've owned this tablet and it's great.	iPhone
A gift for my teenage son, who never puts it down. Best gift he ever received.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet for kids of any age. It's cheap and user friendly. You can even set controls so there is an age timer as well. It's perfect!	Wired Headphones
This is the perfect product for listening to internet radio at the gym without having to buy a smart phone and an expensive data plan. I selected the gym's wireless signal, downloaded the Sirius/XM app, put in my earphones (purchased separately), and began listening. Since this item was part of a Black Friday sale, my total cost was well under $50. It's small enough to carry with me, and the screen is easy to read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy To Use · Long Battery Life · Quality Build · Quality Display	Wired Headphones
Great tablet! Perfect size. I bought this on Black Friday, couldn't beat the price!	Lightning Charging Cable
I've purchased a number of these for my grandkids and other family members! They are easy to navigate and have great speed!	Google Phone
I bought the Amazon Fire with realistic expectations. I have an iPhone SE (outstanding phone), so the intention was to be able to play some free games, view Facebook/etc on a slightly larger screen, some light web browsing, and maybe read an electronic book here and there. It has served this purpose with excellence so far. Not the fastest tablet you'll ever find I'm sure, but no slowpoke either. And I would venture to say you will be hard-pressed to find a better value for any piece of electronics at $50. Highly recommended.	Google Phone
This tablet is excellent when you are an on-the-go person. You not only have the ability to access the internet, but you have the ability to read a good book as well. You will not have to lug a big book with you if you’re out and about. I have never had a tablet where books can be downloaded onto it (and it’s free). I am one satisfied customer!	USB-C Charging Cable
love this tablet it was a great gift and it worked nice	AA Batteries (4-pack)
the tablet was a great gift and my kids loved it best buy online is great	Wired Headphones
This is the best value for bucks tablet out there in market and that too with awesome Amazon brand value.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy set up great screen over time battery loses charge fast over all good tablet	Google Phone
This Kindle Fire is a good deal at $49.99. I basically use it for Amazon purposes only, I have Prime so I stream music on it while I am in the kitchen cooking, I use it for recipes as well and, of course, to order from Amazon!	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for my mother in law and it's awesome. She loves facebook, browsing the wed. It's the perfect size for carrying around in your purse. Love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I thought these were gonna be cheapies and not be used, but apparently the kids use the heck out of it. So gonna give as gifts again.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 6 year old loves it easy to use has lots of apps	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love it. never an issue, just like a computer but so much smaller and convenient.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this table for my 75 year old mom and she was able to navigate with little assistance.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Is very easy to operate, bought as an extra for when Grandchildren visit because I love to use mine to read and couldn't if they wanted to play with my reader !	Flatscreen TV
This is a great little tablet for under $50. It's good for surfing websites, social media, watching videos and checking emails. I prefer to use a laptop for more complex tasks. It came with Web Root which was easy to download for virus protection.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I got this strictly for the eReader capability and since I have Amazon Prime it's great for getting lots of ebooks at great prices. It's lightweight and easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet but after about a year it starts acting up and you cannot get help from Amazon to fix it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"If you have an Amazon Prime account, you should have a fire tablet. It is so easy to have Kindle books, Amazon music and videos at your finger tips. This is $34 or however much I paid well spent. Now, what I don't like about the tablet is the operating system; it is limiting. Bottomline is if you need to do something other than use the Amazon suite of features you will need another tablet. However, I have no problem with using this specifically for the Amazon stuff and for managing my echo dot."	Vareebadd Phone
Love it for the price paid. Perfect holiday gift for kids and adults.	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect tablet for kids. Easy to use and a great size	Apple Airpods Headphones
Smaller than I thought and processing speed is not very good. With that said, for the price you can't beat it...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Picked it up on the Black Friday sale it was a great deal	20in Monitor
Got it for my kids to use instead of my iPads :P they like it and I also got one for myself to stick in my pocket when heading out the door so that I don't have to take my iPad/s with me :]	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought to keep the kiddo entertained. Works perfect. Tons of free games.	Macbook Pro Laptop
What a Buy at sale price..Keyboard functions smoothly. Commands transfer without jitters.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's a great table for adults or children!! I do recommend purchasing this item!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good experience okay at the Niles Ohio location. Great price for children 6 to 11 that aren't real responsible. Did not buy warranty on the tablets priced a little high for something that was as priced as low as they were.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for checking my emails and watching Netflix.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have been using this item before and it was great I love it and I did recommend it to my friends. I love the quality, the camera and the items that the device have.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good item..quality color and visual..Would buy another	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is easy to use especially for parents who are not really good in using gadgets	USB-C Charging Cable
It's so easy to use and the price is very affordable.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is a lot smaller than my old one, but it provides me with a lot more features, memory capacity, and lets me do things I wasn't able to do with my old kindle.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Was very pleased with this product. Glad it worked out and provides flexibility for use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was the 4th one I purchased and I love them. My grandkids play on them for hours and I get to choose what games they can play.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is great! Unfortunately got a defective one at first, but Best Buy was happy to exchange it for us and had no problem doing it! I'm sure it was only defective due to the hundreds of people who were there on black friday shopping! Works great! Very satisfied!	Vareebadd Phone
This is a very affordable tablet for a kid just bought a case online. And it's perfect for taking it around.	Wired Headphones
My daughter will be able to use that tablet for prime video .	Lightning Charging Cable
this is my third or fourth one liked it so much got one for each of my grandchildren easy to use small enough for mom to carry in her purse or tuck away in the back seat pocket of the car and very durable	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Enjoying my items with members of my family and friends	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had hardly any computer experience and I love my tablet and would recommend one for everyone.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my little sister. It is simple and easy for her to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
This product was a good price. It lets me read the books I want as well as access the internet. Overall a good purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It works good.my daughter uses it to read on and play games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for a friend, Kim does are easy to learn on.	27in FHD Monitor
I got this tablet for my godson who loves videos, didn't want to spend to much and this was the perfect tablet for the price $33, great product great price.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son loves this thing hasn't put it down yet keeps him entertained	Wired Headphones
Handles good, just the right size, appearance is great	27in FHD Monitor
Good as a reader. Decent tablet for price. After a few months battery drains quickly.	Wired Headphones
What a good gift for granddaughters. Price was great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my FireTablet !! A must have if you have Amazon Prime.	Wired Headphones
A friend told me about this product and it was a great deal!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
A friend told me about this item and it's a great deal !!	Flatscreen TV
Great tablet for kids since it's price friendly, and it has an option for child users.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's very convenient for readers and online use! It works quickly and is great	Lightning Charging Cable
Great buy, great update. My new go to tablet, could ask for more.	iPhone
I purchased this item for my children, 7 and 11 it has been a good durable easy to use set up and use item.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was for a 3 year old and is easy enough for her to use good price too	Apple Airpods Headphones
Works great and fast. Just the right size for my work needs. Great Apps available.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have purchased a fire tab before for my wife. I would say it was the best consideration for a tablet. It lasted for a good time and I was really apprehensive from getting her one. It is durable in use, just don't go dropping it on cement. The only reason I gave a 4 star is because I haven't used it yet.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I got this stuff for myself to watch Netflix, YouTube	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
If you know of someone that would like to view videos or play smaller games, then this is a great product for them. This is more like an entry level tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Brought it for my toddler for xmas, so hopefully it works great.	20in Monitor
Great size fast . For the price you can't go wrong	20in Monitor
Bought this for my niece as her first tablet. She was so excited!!	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the second Fire I've owned and have found them to be a good reliable tablet.	20in Monitor
This a great tablet for kids ...my twins had them last year but one of them broke because my daughter dropped it...so she is requesting another one for Christmas ...it serves its purpose for the price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was purchased for a child. Works well and provides basic functions that were needed	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a really good tablet for young kids to play on.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
i use it for reading books and news it has a great screen	iPhone
Was looking for something decent and inexpensive for my niece. Got this for Black Friday and so far it's been great. Internal memory doesn't worry me because it will mostly be used for streaming apps like Youtube and Netflix. I wish the UI would be better but overall the tablet is good enough for what i bought it for.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Very affordable and user friendly! It has a microSD card slot expandable up to 128GB.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got 3 on Black Friday for as gifts. My parents loved it and they manage to set it up by themselves so it's definetly user friendly	iPhone
I bought this as a gift for my mother, she's not very tech savvy but she's able to easily navigate this tablet. She loves it and the price was great for the product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great device. Works well. Very handy. Got it as a gift for my father. Own one as well.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great little tablet to travel with even for non-tablet types like myself. It can lag at times depending on what you are doing but great for the $33 I gave for it during the Thanksgiving sales	Macbook Pro Laptop
Excellent value for money. Would recommend this to a friend.	Wired Headphones
mainly use it for watching Netflix. Love it. It streams great. I also use it for emails.	Lightning Charging Cable
I needed a tablet which I can use without worrying about damaging it. This is perfect for that purpose.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is the best tablet to get for the amount of money you will spend. It has everything you need. Maybe not the best camera but I phone for that.	iPhone
I bought 5 last year and 2 more this year for gifts. They are simple to use and the youngest can even do it himself (5YO). Get the Kindle free time for the kids. You can set the amount of time they can play games and then they can only read books. Great for the whole family!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great tablet! Nice interface an button location. Will but again	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is the most incredible tablet for the price. I recommend to anyone who wants a dependable tablet and doesn't want to spend a fortune.	Macbook Pro Laptop
If your looking for a nice gift this holiday without breaking the bank, this is it. Great responsive tablet with a nice screen good battery life and Amazon echo system. A true bargain	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good starter tech equipment for the 8 year old..I am happy with the purchase	ThinkPad Laptop
good table good resoultion its better than the old table version my kids love it	iPhone
Great nifty kindle that allows you to read books at ease and also use it for other apps to stream shows and movies. Also has its own version on word, excel, and powerpoint which is easy to use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon fire was awesome! They are cheap but they work just fine!!! This is my 2nd ones so far great for kids!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great picture and great sound. Really like the tv!	Google Phone
Bought these for my kids and they love them. Wi-Fi and Bluetooth compatible.	
Nice Tablet, Easy to use and setup. This is most buy.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My daughter was very happy she got for her birthday right away put it to work	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great budget tablet that performs like one 3x as much.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon tablets are the best android tablets available.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
User friendly with so many more features than my older kindle. Love all the color choices and now I can read in the dark next to my sleeping husband!	Lightning Charging Cable
We love our new tablet. We got it to bring with us for our 2 year old when we go out. For the price we were not worried if something sgould haopen to it. Works great, good speed. Well worth it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son purchased this. He is happy with it but says that it has been updated and the newer one is better.	Lightning Charging Cable
I thought this for my 8 year old and she loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kindle fire is an awesome tablet for reading, browsing..Color is amazing	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this one for black friday, no complains at all, the price its great, and the tablet its worth it, now i connect my fire stick easily	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought two of these as gifts they are well worth it. They withstand falls as well which is a plus.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoy having the tablet when I am travelling. Great size.	27in FHD Monitor
Lol.... the only reason i bought this tablet was so i could load my games from my phone and play them on larger screen but i didnt realize that sonce its an amazon product it wont load google play or support vlash of clans or any other google game a big thumbs down.... i guess im just stuck with a tablet that is useless for me	Macbook Pro Laptop
Its a great tablet. Its our 4th one for family purchased.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased it for my kid and she liked it. if you don't want to spend much on tablets for kids it is the best product available in the market.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Brought it as a Christmas gift and then I fell in love with it after setting it up. small and simple.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my 9 year. This is the 2nd one he has had because he literally wore the first out.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
If you have Amazon Prime, these tablets are a must.	iPhone
bought several of these again this year for the family as stocking stuffers, best buy had them on sale for $33 ea I can't really dis this tablet it works as intended and keeps the kids entertained. only real con is that you can't cast netflix or youtube. it will only cast Amazon related services, but I have heard that there is a workaround to get it to work. Amazon please release casting features for all services not just yours.	USB-C Charging Cable
I brought this item for my grandson and I know that he will really enjoy it and it was a great price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good tablet for the price, it's gonna be a good present.	20in Monitor
I have enjoyed using Kindles for about 8 years now. This particular one was purchased as a gift for another Kindle user and after looking at the one my Mom has thought this would be the perfect gift for my friend who is an avid reader. and the Black Friday Sale price was unbeatable!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
These tablets are so much better in different colors. Well worth it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I really like the tablets. My grand kids enjoy them a lot.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was skeptical about buying the Fire at first because I didn't think I'd like it as much as a good old fashioned book, but books are expensive if you read as much and as fast as I do, so I caved and bought it. I am in love! It's super light weight and easy to navigate and I love that it has night settings to protect your eyes from the screen brightness. You also can use all of your social media and other apps on the tablet which is a major plus.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My mom lives her tablet! She is obsessed with it!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
bought for my boyfriend because he cant see to much on his phone. he loves it.	20in Monitor
"Ive only had one tablet before this one so its great that this tablet didnt ""lose me"" in technology and also do everything I bought it for at the same time."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my girl of 12 years old ,and I bought the fire kid tablet for my other kids ,they loved it , is an great tablet , great prices, easy to use it , the tablets came with cases so everything is in the packet for one prices ,so I'm really happy with this product	LG Washing Machine
Great and super for reading and graphics are clear a concise	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works really well. easy to use and easy to download from amazon prime account and other apps	Google Phone
Excellent tablet that is very durable and easy to use	Wired Headphones
What more needs to be said. The best low price tablet out there. This is our 2nd one and it is easier to use. Our I Pad Air has more features but cost considerably more.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet you can download apps and games and the front and rear camera let you captured good picture and video.	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet for its price but before you buy it just know it doesn't come with google play services so chrome, YouTube, And the play store aren't official apps you can download.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I didn't expect to receive a premium tablet, but with this device it's great. I got more than I bargained for great job Amazon	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a great price for a great tablet on Black Friday	Flatscreen TV
For an inexpensive Black Friday special, I have to say that I am quite impressed with this tablet. Well worth the $33 price tag. The speakers leave a lot to be desired, but when used with an external speaker, it sounds great. The battery life is also impressive. I've been using it for 2 hours and the battery level is now at 54% remaining. I must admit that I was somewhat hesitant to purchase it, but I figured that for the price, I would give it a try. I am not sorry for my decision. I have another tablet that cost 5 times as much and there is no difference in the performance. Even at the everyday price of $49, this tablet is worth the money.	Wired Headphones
This was bought for toys for tots. Everyone always buys for the younger kids but forget that here are pre-teens and teenagers too!	20in Monitor
I picked up two of these for the twins and they love em' I have to take them away from them sometimes, schoolwork has to come first ! Great tablet gave it 5 STARS, and at 50 bucks you cant beat it !	Lightning Charging Cable
It's not a $300 Samsung tablet. It's a $35-50 tablet, depending on the deal. But this thing packs so much entertainment (especially with a Prime membership) that it's hard to go wrong with the almost-disposable price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I buy several of these tablets each year as giveaway for clients at conferences and they are always a hit!	Flatscreen TV
Love it! Great Tablet!! Lots of ways to download lots of fun games and apps.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I absolutely love this kindle fire. It has so many nice options and is small enough to carry when I go out! Great for games and emails.	Macbook Pro Laptop
needed this for a 5 year old to play games and watch movies, and it is a great fit for the $$$	ThinkPad Laptop
You get a multitasking tablet for an incredible price!	iPhone
We are very well satisfied with the fire. It is everything we thought it would be and more.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 5 y.o. and 2y.o have been using theirs for more than a year now: all kind of dropping and throwing and stepping on, these tablets are still working perfectly! So i get one every time i want to give presents to young ones!	Wired Headphones
God tablet for young kids. Not as fast as an iPad, but it does the job.	Google Phone
"I bought this on Black Friday for my wife and she loves it. It's build quality is good and doesn't feel cheap, it has a decent front and back camera, the interface is easy to use, and there's plenty of games/apps to add hours of entertainment. I feel like the screen clarity could be better but for the price; you can't complain. :)"	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids had one before I had got free using reward points somewhere else and it broke so replacing it. Like how these have the colored backs.	Flatscreen TV
I bought the original kindle fire table. To get a newer one due such a great price is awesome!	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased for my 9 year old daughter, its a plus	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A steal for a tablet to surf the internet or control automation	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the kids, play games, surf the web, AWESOME , 5 STARS !!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It was great my son uses it everyday. Has a great camera and it has really good service with that. Love love love it	USB-C Charging Cable
"Upgraded my wife's original 7"" Fire to this one and she is very happy. Much faster, better battery life and better cameras. Didn't bother with the 16gb for $30 more as you can just add a micro sd card for cheaper and greater capacity"	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love it, great quality. Nice picture, so good. !!!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It is easy to use and has many apps. I would recommend	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet but doesn't hold a charge for a long needs a better battery but overall it's a good tablet	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this pre-Black Friday as a Xmas gift. Great product at a great price. I look forward to Black Friday at Best Buy every year!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for my little kids to play and be occupy while i cook.	iPhone
We got this for our 5 year old and its very simple to use and sheuses it for ABC mouse and other educational apps	Wired Headphones
this is my second kindle fire I bought one of the first ones 6 years ago and when it started going down hill I didn't hesitate to go buy another one they last a very long time and work great. This time when I bought one it was much cheaper too but only in price not quality.	20in Monitor
I got it for my daughter who really loves it, it is very easy to use	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought two for 2 small boys to use instead of being on the phone and I really like it. Easy to link account. Good parent locks on it and easy enough to navigate	USB-C Charging Cable
My son loves his tablet he received for his birthday!	iPhone
I use this for videos the quality is great I use headsets the speaker is good for quiet places not to loud.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good product with excellent options from the Amazon app store.	iPhone
Good for basic things or as an e-reader. My kids love theirs.	USB-C Charging Cable
My granddaughter love it works good she is on it all day.	Google Phone
The free Geek Squad virus protection does not work and the apps you can download are limited.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Blazing fast and ready to go if you are an Amazon fanatic. All I had to do was link it to my wifi and my account - and DONE!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy setup and fast for the money. No problem with it.	Wired Headphones
Perfect size ,very useful and my daughter loves it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is a great beginner tablet. Amazing price! My child has used it over the last year with no issues. I'm buying another as a gift.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Cheap price but the specs are not cheap. A practical choice	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Picture quality isn't the best compared to pricer tablets, this tablet is great for only $40. If you watch a lot of vids, I suggest getting the HD version as the picture/audio is better	Google Phone
Great for moderate use. It is awesome for movies and light reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased the Fire Table for an elderly person birthday. They love it and is on the internet all the time reading news articles. The Fire Tablet is a good gift item.	27in FHD Monitor
My youngest son has the Kindle Kids but I got this for my 8 year old and he loves that he has more options.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Our son is loving his tablet. Perfect size and cost.	Google Phone
I'm ambivalent about this tablet. It's a great price point and the picture quality is amazing. It's great for watching Netflix. But, you are locked in to only the apps available on Amazon. I can't download my browser if choice or even the google search app. Additionally, the tablet is linked to Amazon, and basically unusable if you don't have a valid Amazon account, I bought an additional tablet for a non Amazon person and they couldn't download any apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the eighth kindle fire I have gotten, I love them! I got one for all the members of my family	Lightning Charging Cable
I really love my kindle fire, it is awesome! And I love that I could order it in blue. I love to read and play word games on it	Wired Headphones
Good. Everything went well. Every thing was good!!!	20in Monitor
I bought this as a gift for my husband. He uses it every day. It is easy to read on.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the Amazon Fire Tablet. It was easy to use, easy to set up and is easy to see and use.	Google Phone
"Great for educational apps for kids; user friendly"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It was awesome kids love it, this is simply amazing	Lightning Charging Cable
Love my Amazon Fire Tablet!! Perfect size to carry in purse	AA Batteries (4-pack)
love the access to amazon and the ability to communicate with alexa	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted to buy the kids edition but it cost a little more, so I decided to go with this one and it turns out to be exactly what I need. I am not sure but I think the only difference is the rubber case.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For what I need, this unit works great. I use it mostly to catch up on reading and looking at photos that I load via MicroSD card. Great resolution.	Vareebadd Phone
Cheap tablet for someone that knows little about the internet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have one of these tablets so it was a no-brainer when it came to purchasing one for a friend's birthday. This tablet is small and delivers a multitude of functions.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this as a gift for a Senior, very simple to use for her needs.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased the fire 7 almost one year ago. It is a very good tablet for the money. Screen resolution isn't the best but is adequate. But at this price point I am not complaining. WiFi seems to have slowed a bit since when it was new and I dont have many apps and I do clear the background tasks. That being said it is faster than my previous fire HD 2012 generation. Cameras are so so but I don't use them often if at all. Having the micro SD slot is great. Amazon does a great job of automatically up dating the OS. I just received the Alexa update yesterday. Pick this tablet up on Black Friday oor an even better deal!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Ouch. I bought this Fire tablet, and used it for about four hours, and left it on a charger. A couple of hours later, I picked up the tablet, and the screen was showing a weird 'ghosting' effect, and then the screen went completely black.I twisted the chassis and screen a bit and managed to get things working again, just long enough to do a factory reset and return the tablet.I'm sure I had a defective/damaged tablet, but I was underwhelmed with the quality, and it would be nice if Amazon brought back the higher quality HDX tablets, for people who don't mind paying more for quality tablets.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it. Works great for what I purchased it for	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My special needs son frequently drops his tablet. This is a great low cost option when no protection case can hold him back.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Was about to purchase another tablet for more money else where when another shopper informed me of the Kindle Fire being available at Best Buys for $49. Was able to purchase a name brand tablet for less. I was all in. Going to Best Buys to make the purchase was well worth the trip and the price. The Kindle Fire has not let me down to date. I can read books, google, read my email and most things I can do on my computer.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is our fifth kindle in the family. I bought this one for my son to replace a similar one that stopped functioning after a few months. So far this one is working well. But just in case, I bought a one year warranty in case it fails.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My wife purchased this tablet for my sister birthday. She really loved her tablet	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is great for kids snd adults. It holds a lot of memory. U added a lot of games and pictures and still have a lot of space.	Flatscreen TV
No complaints so far. Great price, great tablet. Purchased an SD card so no worries there. I like it so much I'm going to buy one for my niece. She loves her games and books!!!	Wired Headphones
These tablets are a great value -- theyre perfect for kids or users who just want to browse the web, read, etc. They are not the most powerful but for the price they're an amazing deal.PS use a search engine and learn how to sideload Android apps. The Amazon store is a bit limited and missing some popular apps. Sideloading removes that problem all together.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this for my daughter & grandson for their birthday.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great and easy to use, showed me how to set up the tablet	Google Phone
Don't care for the ads on this. But for the price its good. Ads can be removed for 15 bucks through Amazon.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's a awesome price for first time tablets for kids	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I like my new tablet it's good on battery life and have fast response time when typing	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great gift idea for kids. I would recommend the item.	iPhone
We got each boy one and they love it. Easy for all ages :)	AA Batteries (4-pack)
From me to me. Love this tablet and the price was 49.99	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We bought this as a birthday present for my 8 year old. It has almost everything she wants on it. Only problem is Amazon's app options are limited compared to Apple or Google Play. Other than that, she loves it.	Google Phone
Works well for my children. They both have one and seems to run smoothly for the games and apps they use.	Lightning Charging Cable
For what the Kindle Fire does, at $50, it's practically a steal. The reason why I bought the Fire was because it's excellent 'Read Aloud' function. There are many books that do not come in Audiobook format, which I need- I don't have as much time as I would like to sit down and read these days. The Kindle Fire has allowed me to finally get to these books, while I'm working out, or driving.Good points:It reads aloud very well, with several fairly natural sounding voices.Amazon can convert most PDFs into a readable format, and you can change the speed. Battery lasts pretty wellBad Points:The Fire's OS could use some reworking- switching bluetooth on and off isn't exactly convenient, being buried under a few menus, which don't seem to be customizable.All in all, it's a great buy at $50!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Perfect gift! Great apps and reading material. Would buy it again	iPhone
nice product with low price.i will recomend to my friends.working good.	Lightning Charging Cable
Best and least expensive tablet you can find. Great for movies, apps and games. Perfect for kids.	USB-C Charging Cable
I like reading and I don't have space for paper books, this is great for me I got everything I need and I can read on my way. I like it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Luv the tablet and reading the books resolution is great	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great product for all types of users. Great for reading or playing games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This does everything a Tablet should do and more. The best part is that you get tons of Free, Apps that normally cost...The camera is really great, too. Battery seems to last longer than normal which is a bonus....	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle was purchased for my daughter. She loves it. She plays games on it everyday.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Really good tablet for the priceI can't complain ...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We love these entry level tablets. We have bought at least ten of them for various family and friends.	Lightning Charging Cable
Over all the product is good and works as advertised but lately it is constantly having issues keeping enet connection and even worse has issues updating. We were told this is a larger amazon network issue.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My elderly mother really enjoys this tablet. Easy to use and lightweight.	USB-C Charging Cable
Kids load them with moves and used them for long car rides	ThinkPad Laptop
Love my tablet. It exceeds my expectations. Doesnt have Google but i make due since i primarily use it for Kindle	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this as a gift for my granddaughter for her birthday. She loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet so I had a smaller tablet to take places, I absolutely love it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves the kindle fire and uses it on a daily basis in school and at home.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I found the tablet easy to useIt has a longer battery life than most and the memory can be increased with an SD card You can use the Google app if you don't like using Amazon	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a easy functioning product. Good for reading.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Granddaughter loved it! She began using it right away.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my son for Christmas. He broke his tablet last year. Hopefully this one will last longer.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I mainly use my Kindle strictly for book reading. It's the second one I've owned. The first one I had for several years but quit taking a charge. The device is easy to use and has good battery life.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased for father who is enjoying the flexibility and ease of use	iPhone
Lightweight, good screen quality. A bit slow but a good purchase	Wired Headphones
I boufgt it as a gift to my granddaughter and she uses it for school work daily	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm not computer savy but so I like simple things and this was absolutely no problem setting up and using! Best electronic I've every owned :)	20in Monitor
It was easy to use, very nice picture and the quality is out standing, it is a little hard to hold but if you put it on the table it is a lot easier to use I would like to buy another one some day maybe upgrade to a different kind but overall it is worth the money that you pay for it	Lightning Charging Cable
This has to be the best $35 I ever spent. The small tablet exceeded my expectations. I use it to supplement my smartphone, and watch tv, read books, check email and Internet on it.	ThinkPad Laptop
I love this I installed all my videos. Easy to use once you get the hang of it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I use my Fire to read, play games, browse, view Facebook, and much more. Great product for the price!	LG Dryer
I love my amazon fire .I use it everyday.best item I ever bought..everyone should have one.	ThinkPad Laptop
My son received this last year for Christmas. He loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased the Kindle for my 9 year old niece and have not had any complaints. Every function performs like it should.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is our family's 4th product of the same. All of us have one and they are lasting forever. Will never be without one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
this was such a super deal i bought 2. they work very well and you could not beat the price. i would definately recommend to a friend	Wired Headphones
The best remote for the price you cannot beat it, easy to use	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got this to replace my son's cheaper tablet. It is well worth the extra money. He loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Overall a good tablet. The screen is crisp enough to enjoy videos. The only downside is the built in speakers. Even with headphones, the sound quality isn't top notch. Just average. If you're not looking to do anything fancy. It's a good deal.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's alright personally the picture quality is pretty bad but I guess that's what you get for paying 50.	27in FHD Monitor
I wrote the review previously thinking it was the Amazon fire. Turned out it was the case I reviewed. The Amazon Fire is a great alternative to the kindle and the case is sleek and not bulky.	Wired Headphones
I bought 2 tablets for my cousins and they really love it! The tablet is easy to use and very handy.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my 9 year old as a Christmas present last year. He has put this tablet thru the ringer! And even though the screen is cracked, it still works perfectly! He loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle fire tablet. Purchased this one to replace a stolen one.	ThinkPad Laptop
If you just want to watch movies or shop, it does the job. Not enough memory to do much else. But for the price its great for kids.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought two Kindle Fires, one for My Son and the Other for My Nephew, as Christmas Gifts. They were on sale for about $53.00 and I must say that it was very well worth it. The size, weight and portability is amazing. My Boys get to watch all their favorite shows and take pictures. It keeps them busy while I get done housework. I'm extremely glad I chose the Kindle Fire and I would definitely buy again and recommend to a friend. Fyi, My Son is 6, My Nephew is 3 years old.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love it. Great for kids. Gave some to nieces as gifts	20in Monitor
We decided to buy the amazon tabs due to the great price on black Friday. We returned them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good if you're looking for a no frills internet experience. Very affordable.	Wired Headphones
Kindle has nailed it when it comes to tablets. They are affordable and efficicient for the money.	iPhone
Got for my 3 year old and she loves it. Very easy to use and a great price.	Wired Headphones
This is good for beginners but not very good . Its wifi work terrible	USB-C Charging Cable
Although not the most powerful tablet on the market, I would say it's a phenomenal tablet for the price. Compared to my ipad air 2, it's an inferior product, but considering it was 15-20x cheaper, it is impressive today the least.	Wired Headphones
I read a lot, this tablet makes it convenient for me to carry many books without all the weight. The screen lighting is adjustable for different light situations.	Wired Headphones
Value to the Product.Useful if you have amazon prime account and it is a good value for the money spent.I bought it for my kid. My kid like it.	Wired Headphones
Good for kids to have some nice fun and entertainment . Liked it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Perfect for taking on vacation and with memory cards I can take all the pics I want.	USB-C Charging Cable
Awesome little tablet. Kids love it and they use it all the time.	Wired Headphones
Excellent for reading and can be used as a tablet for Internet use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It is a good inexpensive tablet. It lags occasionally but is great for something to watch movies or television while waiting for an appointment or anywhere with free wifi.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my grandson for his 5 Th birthday present . It is easy to set up and seems to be very durable.	ThinkPad Laptop
At this price this is a fantastic product. Good for reading as well as watching movies whilst traveling.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Use my tablet everyday. No problems. Easy to carry	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I can't imagine a day without my Fire reader. I absolutely love it and it's so light and easy to carry with me, it is a big part of my day and night. It's so easy to use and download books, and magazines, and even movies. I would highly recommend it to anyone.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The fire isn't going to thrill you like the iPad or surface, but it gets the job done. If you use Amazon video, HBO go, Netflix or any streaming device then it's a no brainer.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought his for my eight year old and he loves it. Amazon has many apps both for games and educational that he benefits from every day	USB-C Charging Cable
outstanding time filler, weather traveling or just relaxing. SD card expandable to hold several movies. Oh, and hey, front and rear cameras. And all on the cheep.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted an inexpensive tablet that would allow me to surf the web and this was perfect! On top of it there are many other features that could be useful but you can't go wrong if you're just looking for the basics so purchase and enjoy.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My 2 year old broke the first one. Best buy replaced it with no problems, their warranty is the best.	Google Phone
Bought the Kindle Fire for my granddaughter. She saw the one I purchased for another granddaughter and asked for one for her birthday. I like that it's much more than just a reader.	iPhone
Bought these for my kids for Christmas , they have lasted through drops , kicks falls and throws . great product	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I'm use to android so this was hard for me but I returned it and got something andriod	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is just the right size for travel and the kids.It has the Amazon app store and user interface and lots ofgreat features. Auto uploads pictures and videos to your Amazon cloud.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the kindle tablet for my kids and grandkids. Very easy to use even for a 2 year old. I would highly recommend buying the screen protector and durable case.	Vareebadd Phone
This is a good tablet. The only thing that would make it better is it being HD.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Simple to set up and use. This is the second Fire 7 inch I have purchased. First one was for Mother-In-Law for Christmas. She loves to read and this tablet works great for her. I use this one mainly to play music through blue tooth speaker on deck. Battery life is very good. Also Grand kids love to play games on it.	20in Monitor
Great product! You get exactly what you pay for, plus more.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Purchased two for my 8 yr old twins. They love them and the tablets have held up under their abuse. Only issue was not being able to fully block purchasing. Lots of in app amazon ability.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Couldn't ask for a better tablet to read with. Does exactly what is says. I have kindle unlimited and read all the time. Battery life is excellent	Lightning Charging Cable
It is very user friendly and worked well for my travel needs!	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Amazon Fire Tablet does everything that I need it to do and for the fraction of the price of other tablets on the market. Screen size and weight are both great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This would be a great tablet even if it were $100. Picking it up on Black Friday was literally a no-brainer. I saw it, looked at the price, picked it up and bought it. It is great for all age users. Not great for graphically intense games, but if you want that you need to pay for it. For a casual, everyday tablet (also great for watching movies on the go) you can't beat it.	USB-C Charging Cable
We got this tablet for our son to use in school and it's perfect for just that. At the right price too.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good, inexpensive tablet for kids. It's nice being able to set up an account for kids that limits screen time. Amazon's Underground apps (free apps) and discounts on ebooks adds to the value.The only con is the limited built-in storage (only 4GB free after you account for the system software), so an SD card is highly recommended.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was perfect for my 5 year old u can set it to their profile so they can't buy anything or access the app you don't want them too. Best buy for kids who want a tablet!	USB-C Charging Cable
Not a big fan of Amazon fire tabs...got one as gift from grandparents and it memory on 8GB gets full too quick and no way to expand	USB-C Charging Cable
I loved the variety of colors available for the tablet. It's been dropped a few times and thankfully is still in tact, with the exception of a few scratches. My son loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this for my self and it was just so easy to use. I never had one and now I can't seem to put it down.	USB-C Charging Cable
THIS TABLET IS VERY SIMPLE TO USE. I WAS HAPPY THAT I COULD BASICALLY OPEN THE BOX AND START USING IT. . I HAVE RECOMMENDED IT TO MY FRIENDS.	Google Phone
bought this tablet for my 5 year old granddaughter. Great value for the money and with Amazon Prime membership you get access to hundreds of videos, games and music.	Wired Headphones
Love the quality and price paid for this tablet. I use it whenever I'm taking the bus.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought one a few months ago and after our conventional kindle died replaced it with the fire and it is amazing! Bought them for my kids for the holidays!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a basic tablet for $50. What's not to like. I purchased this to read on, and it's great for that.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves it. Its is a very good tablet for her	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet for reading articles and downloading books. A downside is Amazon limits some of the apps that are available. For the price it's a good buy for my purpose.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire is a great intro tablet. I got this for one of my youngest child so I could setup time locks for usage and other parental controls. If you want to use Googles Playstore on the device then you have to hack it on there as it is not available in current builds.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had to go through 2 tablets before getting this one, which is the best that I have ever had.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
A very useful and easy to use tablet. I use it almost everyday.	Wired Headphones
I have two Kindle Fire tablets, both the 2012 and 2014 versions so I'm rather familiar with them and how they work. For my son's 7th birthday, he asked for a new tablet. He'd been using Leap Pads for the past few years, but was also used to using one of mine when needed. I debated back and forth between this version and the Kids Edition. In the end, I chose this one. In having a kids profile set up on the Kindle, all auto-pay turned off, and being able to decide which apps I put onto his profile, I felt this was a better option. The tablet is quick, good size for his hands, and has enough memory for any of the apps and books I want to put on it for him. We found an awesome case to protect it. For the price, I don't think you could get any other tablet. I am very happy with my choice and will likely continue to choose Kindle products.	ThinkPad Laptop
I needed a tablet for my kids and this was only $50 plus a memory card and they had so many games we were able to take a 17 hour road trip and they were entertained the entire time. As far as Android Tablets go, this one gives the most bang for the buck that I've ever seen.	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandchildren enjoy their Fire. It is great for any educational problems	Wired Headphones
Good product.......................................	Flatscreen TV
I own 3 of these kindles, for my children who are young. They can take some wear and tear, but recently one of mine quit charging. The charger will no longer connect with the port inside the kindle. The kindle itself was working just fine, but since it can no longer be charged, it is no longer functioning. I am really disappointed, and plan on buying a replacement. My children love being able to play on the kindle and for the price you really can't beat the deal.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I needed to buy an affordable tablet, just right!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet is a good tablet not the best for games or apps but decent especially for the price	Lightning Charging Cable
i like the way that it is small and easy to carry and doesnt take up alot of power	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My wife uses this to read various newspapers. There's a problem occasionally with downloading the current issue. It's not a problem every day, just ever once in a while. Pleased with the device.	USB-C Charging Cable
This case fit my Amozon Fire great. It was just what I wanted.	Apple Airpods Headphones
affordable great for on the go and everyday usages	ThinkPad Laptop
You can't got wrong with a tablet for less than $60 capable of watching movies and play games. Perfect for kids.	iPhone
My son trys to claim them all as his own . We own a Amazon Fire 7 tablet , Amazon 7 Kids Safe Fire Tablet and a amazon 8 HD tablet and he thinks all of them are his .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this for my 86 year old cousin so she could download library books, play card games, and, most importantly, watch what her kids and grandkids post on Facebook. I myself have a Fire and found it very easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for a Christmas gift for my mom I thinks she will like it	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my daughter before taking a long drive for vacation. Kept charge long enough on a 6 hour drive to keep her entertained! It was very easy to setup and use!	Apple Airpods Headphones
best servives grate people and good prises im very happy	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The warranty is awesome, my 2 year old broke the first one. Best buy replaced it with no problems.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really like how small it is and the fact that the screen is in color.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was a gift for a friend and she loves it. Would definitely recommend it	iPhone
User friendly and perfect for my three year old daughter	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this product for my son to use for school, its easy and battery is really good! He loves it	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my child who is very hard on things. She loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought item to keep my grandma entertained. She uses it every day.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
After breaking an iPad, this was a perfect cheaper alternative for my toddler.	ThinkPad Laptop
I use it mostly for fun games, although I listen to books on it too.	ThinkPad Laptop
MY DAUGHTER HAS ABSOLUTELY NOT PUT THIS TABLET DOWN SINCE I BOUGHT IT...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for any age. Tons of apps to download. My kids stay busy for hours without the tablet dieing. I would recommend to others.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have received great feedback re: how easy to use - the size of it is perfect for kids. Easy to use.	Google Phone
I bought this tablet for my son after the digiland tablet I bought him broke the same exact day. We've had this tablet for almost a year and it's still going strong. I just changed the case and screen protector. Still works perfectly for belonging to an 8 year old boy.	Wired Headphones
This device is kid friendly and is amazing for kids that don't like to read.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great media player for the kids... video streaming is great and fun games to keep them occupied. Expand the memory with an SD card	Wired Headphones
Tablet is great for children's learning games and does appear to hold up on it's own for quality and strength under close supervision. Sound is loud and image quality good. Works well with our WiFi. Price was great also.	USB-C Charging Cable
Cant beat the price on these tablets. I take it into the sauna with me so I can surf online and send emails while in there. It holds up well in hot conditions. Cant say the same for my cell phone, and I wouldn't dare try doing it with my laptops.	USB-C Charging Cable
Wanted for videos. The screen clarity is great. Great product.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great Kindle for the price. I can take pics of my flowers and send them to my kids. I can download books and read anywhere. I can play games. I can look things up on the web. It's small enough to take any place I go.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great Bang for your Bucks, thats the first thing that comes to your mind, when you hold the tablet. It feels solid, it works great and doesnt feel cheap at all. I have experience, number of low cost tablets and you feel them the moment you hold them, Agree, you cannot compare to iPad mini or other comparable brand tablets. But at this price point, I am not at all hesitant to gift someone. I cant put my head around, how are they able to offer such great quality at this price, simply amazing!!	iPhone
I got this for my 7 year old great grandson for games and education. He really enjoys it.	USB-C Charging Cable
i use this tablet for everything. facebook, youtube,and games! the screen is so crystal clear. plus it has expandable memory!	27in FHD Monitor
It's easier to read my books and stuff on this than my phone. Also had a micro SD card lying around to expand the storage.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet and really great for kids i highly recommend it	27in FHD Monitor
My kids love it I have 6 of this and they all work good	Bose SoundSport Headphones
a great price, small and light tablet to take with you anywhere	USB-C Charging Cable
I tried my sons and loved it, I use it for reading and relaxing	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for all ages...have our own - 2 and bought this also as a gift. Great value for a great lasting product!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent all the way around. Enjoy camera to take pics of surprised looks on peoples faces.	USB-C Charging Cable
inexpensive, easy to use, good color, light weight.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I THOUGHT THE TABLET WAS GREAT FOR THE MONEY. DID NOT LIKE HAVING TO GO ONLINE AND PRINT THE DIRECTIONS. DID NOT LIKE HOW TOUCHLY IT WAS.	iPhone
Just looking for an affordable tablet and found this one...very pleased!	iPhone
"Seems like a good value, though I'm not sure how much it allows Amazon to spy on me. Major problem, does not connect my WIFI at home. My Android and Lap Top connect; and the Fire connects elsewhere, not sure if it's a WIFI problem or a Fire problem. Will contact Amazon to see if they can tell. Otherwise I would recommend."	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for my son he enjoyed it would definitely recommend	Apple Airpods Headphones
Works great, good battery I wish it was a little bigger but I loved the $50 price! Completely worth it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It works well for my daughter no complaints works well	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon 7 Fire tablet is just what we needed, It works great with Amazon Prime and easy to down load books or movies. It's size makes it easy to handle for plane trips	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my son and ended up leaving with one for myself! For a $50 tablet I can't complain it does what it says and has expendable memory my son loves his and I'm satisfied with mine.	Wired Headphones
The Amazon Kindle Fire is great for Amazon shopping. It offers games, music, movies and more that only the Kindle Fire, with Amazon, can offer. It truely meets a 4 star rating from me. The Kindle Fire has a very competitive price when considering other devices.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I was very dissatisfied in my first visit to this store but this time I had a luck and I had a good client advisor. He did help me to find what I wanted.	USB-C Charging Cable
The kids love it! They love the different colors so that everyone knows which one is theirs.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet for the money!! Easy to use! Easy to set up. Great for reading or browsing the Internet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good tablet for the price. I would recommend this tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kid loves this tablet. not expensive and the battery lasts a long time.	Vareebadd Phone
We bought it last year Black Friday for us and now we bought it as a gift because it's good for kids	27in FHD Monitor
Was a bit difficult to initially set up. Ease in operations would be great, the tablet doesn't hold battery well at all. It seems that maybe and hour or two goes by before time to re-up on battery life.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for playing games good size screen and fast love it	Google Phone
It is my favorite thing for relax me into my house-	Vareebadd Phone
Was3nt used to an Amazon was used to android.this product is good just wasent used to it	Apple Airpods Headphones
This Kindle was purchased to replace a damaged kindle for my grandson. HE is familiar with the Kindle format so there was no learning curve. WE are both happy with the purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
It is nice to take to the grocery store with my list of food I need, not as heavy as my iPad.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the price. I enjoy the ability to seperate my log in account from my kid's account.	ThinkPad Laptop
A really good tablet. The kids love the apps that come with it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's a great tablet for the price. Gift for my grandson..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It was a gift. I have been told that they are enjoying it.	27in FHD Monitor
Love my new Kindle. It was time to replace my old one. Everything is so much bet	Wired Headphones
The price on this. Holy cow. It's a great little device for the price. It's a nice upgrade for my child whose older fire was getting a little dated.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My old Kindle was 4 years old, this one is so much easier to use. I like the new features. I definitely will recommend it to my friends and family.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Quality of kindle is pretty okay. Just wish charge would last more than 2 hours when child is playing games after being fully charged.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is an excellent tablet for reading and playing games.	ThinkPad Laptop
I would recommend this to anyone who wants a portable device like this. It is well worth the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
My son loves this tablet. I love all the child security i can put on it	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my 9 year old, he loves it. Great buy	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for kids. Also great for travel as you can expand the memory allowing you to store music, games, movies, etc. battery life is decent but doesn't charge back up very fast so that is one downside.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is not as cheap feeling as I thought it was going to be. It's definitely not in the iPad class but it's not bad for what it is. I ordered online and did not have one in my hands until mine arrived. Pros: The screen is decent, sound is loud enough for me, no lag scrolling and Real Racing 3 plays smoothly. Cons: The major down side is battery charging time, battery life and built in storage space. When it arrived, it was showing 76% remaining. After less than 2.5 hours use, it had to be charged. I just read where it can take 6 hours or longer to charge. My iPad Air 2 can fully charge in a few hours from 0%. Built in storage is not enough. Yes you can get micro SD cards however some apps will only install on the built in storage. Also, you can not delete Amazon apps without voiding the warranty. And unless I'm missing something, you can't move them either.So if you are looking for something to use casually for web surfing, email, watching movies, reading books and the occasional game, this should be just fine...keeping in mind the battery life and lack of built in storage. But you won't be doing any serious work on this like you can on the iPad's. But to be fair, this is 1/10 the price of my iPad Air 2 and 1/8 the cost of an iPad Mini 4. But I don't believe it's meant to be a direct iPad competitor. Because if it were, it would fail miserably.	Wired Headphones
What a great product for the $. It does exactly what it needs to and then some.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for kids and really they enjoying. Size is small but compact for kids	USB-C Charging Cable
takes 30 minutes to connect to wifi and none of the apps work on it and i restored it 3 times already. Big and bulky. you will be better to get the more expensive model	Lightning Charging Cable
great size and shape clear screen easy to use has a lot of options	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Fire 7 exceeded all expectations that I had for this device. It works great as an e-reader, and is a functional tablet as well. You may not get the stunning resolution of an iPad or higher priced tablet, but it certainly gets the job done when watching videos or tv shows. Amazon's app store is also better than expected. The expandable memory (micro SD card) is a huge plus for me also.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great little tablet for light surfing and watching shows while cooking. Would be better if had native support for Google Play store.	Wired Headphones
The fire was very easy to set up right out of the box.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This little tablet is excellent for what it is. I have a Prime account, so there are many features available on this advice with that membership.We mostly use this to stream music in our lounge, and it works well for that purpose.	Google Phone
Great d e vice for reading. I would still recommend a Samsung tablet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Satisfied customer with product for small child. Very durable. Amazon fire rocks	AA Batteries (4-pack)
High quality and very dependable. Very easy to set up.	USB-C Charging Cable
If u r an amazon customer the fire is a great tablet to shop on	Apple Airpods Headphones
Best tablet I have had load up fast and camera is awesome	Wired Headphones
Good Quality tablet but the only drawback is that you cannot download every app that a normal android user wants!!	Wired Headphones
This is the perfect tablet for someone who will just be doing web surfing and video watching. Price point is perfect.	27in FHD Monitor
Without a doubt the best bang for your buck amazon tablets are in the runnings for great tablets come in various sizes and definitely will give you apps to fill your every needs amazon hit a home run with price and value highly recomend!!!!!!!!! great for gifts. Dont forget black friday and Christmas will be here soon get your points rolling treat yourself to a tablet best buy will be more than willing to help !!!!!!!!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product. Best buy had the best prices around.	27in FHD Monitor
I use this tablet when I travel abroad. Great item	Apple Airpods Headphones
We've waited for the perfect Android tablet for our twin grand daughters and we finally found it. These are great for game play, surfing, learning, and growing with them. The display is amazing. Easy personalization out of the box. And it's through the Play Store. Awesome!	Wired Headphones
Easy to set up. The parental controls and safety features make this a great purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
This product is simply amazing , I won't say its e,actly like Apple because it isn't and I previously owned 1 while recording , never been a big fan of apple anyways. This product is ridcously good for the price its being seller for ,similar format to an Ifap but not the same and can use wireless internet! 1024 graphs cs count me in , can be used as a car steel as well with an aux cable! I use amazon all the time and extremely am pleased with this product.bought itmstore along with saw series , where'd all the CDs go!	20in Monitor
Excellent tablet for everyday use. It is not as responsive as the iPad Mini but can't beat the prices.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
bought 2 for our granddaughters (7 and 9) and they worked fine however the connection to the charger wore out after a couple of months and are no longer able to be charged. I would recommend adult supervision when connecting the charger for a child.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My mom is an avid tablet user and I glad she got what she wanted	USB-C Charging Cable
My five year old son LOVES his Amazon Fire Tablet! It was well worth the purchase price.	20in Monitor
Purchased for my mom and she said it was very easy to use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I did not receive any instructions on how to begin using my Kindle Fire. I started using it before I came across an important note that I should charge it before using it. I plan on utilizing the Geek Squad to get me started. I have tried on my own but get frustrated when I can't get what I'm looking for in order to operate it. I feel confident that once I learn to use it I will be satisfied with my purchase.	iPhone
Great for kids. Has many applications that can help kids learn more and easier	Apple Airpods Headphones
When you consider the price paid for the Amazon Fire 7 tablet, it is much more economical than a IPAD or a Samsung tablet.. I use it to check mail, Facebook, Twitter and other social media sites! Plus it is the perfect interface for all of the Amazon apps!	Wired Headphones
Brought for all 3 of my kids. Love this product. Tablets are easy to operate and have not had any issues with them. Well worth the $40!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a very servicable tablet ... an excellent value for the price!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my amazon is amazing for the price I paid and what the tablet does i am glad not pay for a samsung tablet more expensive and do the same	Lightning Charging Cable
BEST BUY ALWAYS HAS AN AWESOME VARIETY OF GREAT MOVIES & PRODUCTS TO CHOOSE FROM & TO BUY. EVERYTHING THAT I HAVE BOUGHT FROM BEST BUY IS ALWAYS THE BEST & ALWAYS HAS SATISFIED ME, WITH NO COMPLAINTS. I USE TO HAVE AN IPAD & I SWITCHED TO THE KINDLE FIRE, BECAUSE OF THE SMALLER SCREEN & EASIER TO CARRY WITH ME & TO USE PRETTY MUCH EVERYWHERE I GO....	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great stocking stuffer for the price and realibility.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter enjoy playing games and watching learning programs on device. Love the ability to secure adult information from kids by using a password.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet, easy to use. I used to carry a laptop when traveling, now this does everything I need.	Product
Great tablet for reading and the ocassional surfing. It plays videos well from Amazon prime and the display is pretty nice. A great addition is the blue filter for night reading. I bought two.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my granddaughter for her birthday. Her sister already had one and the family thought it was a great tablet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
These were gifts for young family members and they are really enjoying them, but the initial setup was a pain	USB-C Charging Cable
I wasn't expecting to purchase the Amazon Fire but, I wanted something smaller to tote around with me when I needed to instead of a big lap top. The screen is crisp and clear, and this tablet is faster than I expected when surfing around web pages. Glad I got this!	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for reading and watching netflix.Small and easy to carry.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great tablet at a great price. lots of good features	27in FHD Monitor
Got in a little trouble with the missus and picked this up as a smoothing over gift. she loves it	iPhone
I hate it, there isn't any organization for the apps	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a very good tablet for use with streaming. It does lack some apps like youtube however, since it isn't connected to the google play store. If you are an amazon prime member this is an extremely good buy since you can easily access all of your prime benefits right from the home screen.	ThinkPad Laptop
Probably the best priced tablet on the market. Works well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I needed a new tablet to replace my toshiba that had died. The kindle fire is perfect!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Since we amazon prime it give us a lot of entertainment for my grandson music and videos , good and small investment.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this item cause it was bigger than my phone and I could put all my books on it with a larger screen.	Wired Headphones
I got this for my 6 yr old grandbabie and she loves it. It is perfect for her needs	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this to do reading and store PDFs. Great if you are a college student that has to read many articles. Good Luck!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Keyboard isn't as good as the original Fire HD that we've had for about 4 years. Also the email program is not as good as it doesn't allow for moving multiple emails at the same time. Other than that, this is an easy to use tablet for a very low price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I am more interested in a reader not a tablet the one thing I don't like about this reader is I cannot make the font when reading large enough	Wired Headphones
I purchased this device to use it in my work, and it's really did the job..	iPhone
The Amazon Fire is one of my go to prizes for work incentives. It is a lower cost a key that works great and has a name brand.	Apple Airpods Headphones
great starter tablet for any 2nd grader on up great price	Lightning Charging Cable
Great gift for a young teen.tereat price. Terrific.	ThinkPad Laptop
This product is easy to use for people that aren't to good with very high tech stuff. My mother likes it.	Lightning Charging Cable
A very convenient little tool. Good for checking emails quick, like on a phone, but the bigger screen is nice	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for my daughter and it does everything it needs to and setting up parental controls is quite simple. Great value	USB-C Charging Cable
Had about 6 months very slow Started out good but has been getting slower . Cleared everything still not good	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my mother to use she 75 and loving it	iPhone
I really love the tablets I brought it for my younger kids	Wired Headphones
Brought for my wife, kids took it over! Now am going to purchase two more.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my son to occupy him on car trips. If you are an Amazon Prime member, then this really makes sense to own	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet! User friendly.....size good, eAsy setup..	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So, we looked at the same tablet set up for kids at $80-$90, got this one for $50 and just installed the kids package. Great potty training tool.	Macbook Pro Laptop
bought this for my wife to keep her off my computer when on facebook. worked:)	Wired Headphones
I was looking for a table that felt right for my child. Loves to read book they already have an app for books and we can browse easily.	27in FHD Monitor
I believe it could be a little faster. Screen isn't very tough, broke in a few months.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a great tablet good size and very easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Couldn't ask for anything better it's better then apple	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet with a great camera for begginers . Has enough memory to start off with	Wired Headphones
Love the kindlefire...but don't like the operating system....needs to be more like Android	Wired Headphones
Its a good tablet, I use it for e-textbooks, very comfortable.	USB-C Charging Cable
I really just needed a cheap Christmas gift for one of my god children ..	Flatscreen TV
I ran multiple different type of games. Can't handle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for a 5 year old and a 1 year old for they birthday. They love to play on it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great size. Very portable. I like to carry this one in my bag. Holds alot of my favorite books. Easy to read.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
She likes it but it started freezing up. It's fun to her.	ThinkPad Laptop
The tablet is a good one, for such a great price. Cant beat it.It is a great tablet and my son enjoys it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a replacement for her Samsung tab 3 that was no longer holding a charge....seemed at first to not like it so much but has grown on her since using for her educational activities and some games from the Amazon app....asked daughter if she liked the fire and she said yeah pretty well	AA Batteries (4-pack)
yeeeeaaaahhhhh kids love this and so do i...thanks again	Wired Headphones
bought for my 5 yr old. He cant put it down. lots of educational apps.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The fire tablet is user-friendly, a good size, and offers many features. The display quality is good, and i have no complaints with the camera. Using Amazon for shopping or for features associated with Prime is very easy. The only issues I have had with this tablet are that my headphone jack does not provide good sound quality, and there are third-party apps that are not compatible with Fire OS. I'm hoping the app issue will be fixed by developers over time.	Google Phone
The adults and children who received the tablet as a gift have thoroughly enjoyed it.	iPhone
Excellent, I love it!! High quality, very responsive.	Flatscreen TV
This is amazing tablet with almost all must have features	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for kids or anything to do with simple task. Great to for watching Netflix,YouTube or just checking email. Love play games on it from the app store. The family loves it.	Google Phone
This was definitely an upgrade for my 1st grader. More memory = more fun	Apple Airpods Headphones
Was happy to use this to take my commutes entertainment to the next level	Wired Headphones
My husband bought one and really liked the tablet could fit in his pocket	Vareebadd Phone
It's the best tablet i ever. It has the coolest apps	27in FHD Monitor
My son enjoys this tablet as it is kids friendly and easy to use	27in FHD Monitor
My wife and I both got these. We've both really liked them. We had galaxy tab 3s before this and they seemed to slow down a little bit after a year. We're getting close to a year of having the fires, and seem to be still working well. The 8gb model has had some issues with big games, but casual games have worked well. We both like being able to take advantage of Amazon underground for apps. We've liked them so much we bought some for our nieces and nephews too.	27in FHD Monitor
Good movies kids. RUNS FAST. EFFICIENT. COOL TABLET.	Wired Headphones
The tablet is very functional and it is offered at a great price. It had everything I was looking for in a tablet. I am very pleased with my purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Moves a bit slow at times but overall it works good.	Flatscreen TV
Nice to have a tablet and kindel in one. Very easy to use.	Wired Headphones
I recommend this tablet for beginners it definitely does the job needed to keep little ones entertained.Worth the money great price	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet was and still is I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love using my Kindle fire for reading books from Amazon.com	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an inexpensive alternative to a tablet and larger than a phone. The memory is small at 8 GB, but can be expanded with a micro SD card. Plus you are not slowed down by constant Windows 10 downloads.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my parents to be more connected into Facebook messenger (they don't have phones) and video calling. It's been easy for them to use and learn -- though I highly recommend a keyboard case. I bring it out to read news sites in their new tablet formats. Small but useful. An amazing product given the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
goes great for amazon prime users. The user interface is easy to navigate and is awesome for personal use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this because it was on sale and I had a gift card. It is extremely slow using the internet. Hoping to be using it was an e-reader.	Flatscreen TV
Great for kids games and just basic tablet stuff like music and movies	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this as a gift for my aunt, after Her laptop went out.She is happy with the ability to download apps and play games while in her recliner and even found apps for texting. It's very good for people who are not so well versed with technology and don't require a lot of storage space. She loves it, which is all that matters!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave this to my 6 year old. Not a big fan of the Amazon app for purchasing and downloading apps, but other then that he has no problems with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have compared the kindle fire 7.0 to the Samsung galaxy tab a 7.0. The kindle has a longer lasting battery and it has a fire os. It offers a wide range of amazon features such as free e-books, movies, and games that are only offered with the kindle fire.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this as a gift, and it was a big hit! Very easy to use, and kid friendly too	
Great tablet for an older person. I bought this tablet as a Christmas gift for my aunt. She loves the simplicity it offers.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Video files transferring issue. Some files appear.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The size, speed and battery are perfect for students to use on the go or just hangin in their rooms.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The kids absolutely love this tablet! Grabbed it while it was on clearance and ordered kid proof cases with them also! It's been great for road trips and all!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for kids gotta love amazon they are the best!	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is very good for someone that has an Amazon Prime account. You can download movies and games from the Amazon app store.	LG Dryer
I prefer apple products myself. But this is perfect for children	Google Phone
This is a convenient tablet to keep in your purse and use for reading. I would definitely recommend this tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
this item was cheap and good in use. I had no problems with this item.	27in FHD Monitor
I have owned several Kindles and Kindle Fires, and I have been happy with all of them. If you already are an Amazon Prime member, you can't go wrong with one of these tablets.	LG Dryer
Great for beginners, I had one and then I got my stepson one.	iPhone
great everyday simple web surfing and apps on this tablet for the price. Good to used it on the plane and watch movies or videos. Processor not as fast as your premium ipad.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my son. No need to worry about an expensive tablet getting broken. Best $50 I ever spent for him.	Lightning Charging Cable
Best price I've seen on a tablet that does all what I needed it to do... Just simple things	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I needed to replace my old kindle and this one is perfect even has a camera!	Lightning Charging Cable
This is very functional and user friendly! Great for kids too!	iPhone
Like it use it everyday. I have 3 grandchildren that live with me and they like playing on it too.	20in Monitor
The Kindle is a great tablet for minor tasks and games or for a child. I haven't had it long, but I'm able to use it for what I bought it for, e-books for school.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This was a Christmas present for our 8 year-old. It is perfect for kids. It was inexpensive, but it still gives him access to games and educational apps. Much to his dismay, we limit his screen time, but he really enjoys this product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice display--good colors and fairly easy to read. Good for reading. Ok for email. Sort of clunky for other apps. File management is difficult.	Wired Headphones
Great product compact and easy to get around in. Was able to download almost all my favorite apps	Wired Headphones
operating system is quick, screen colors are great. Easy to use and great for reading on kindle app.	Wired Headphones
Amazing deal. Good product. I am satisfied........	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my Granddaughters 10 th Birthday. She was thrilled. She loves the blue color and even figured out how to connect it to her cell phone.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's great for the price. Easy to use and kid friendly.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like it its good for the kids to play with and easy to use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Use it for required school work and educational apps for elementary and middle school students	iPhone
love it for the kids for educational apps and for required school work and web browsing	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great for elementary and middle school, use for educational apps and web browsing	Apple Airpods Headphones
It was a nice tablet for the price. It's a nice beginner tablet and a good tablet for children.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my son for road trips and it's been an absolute charm.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this Kindle for myself last year and it's the best $50 I've spent! I hoped that my sister would enjoy one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought the kindle tablet for my granddaughter and she loves it. I have one myself and I'm always using it when I can. My grandsons want one now. You can read books, play games and use the internet.	Wired Headphones
I was not expecting too much but was pleasantly surprised by both the speed and ease of use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Works great and provides everything you need. Love the parental controls, color, screen, and camera functions. Very easy for setup.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A+ I would highly recommend this product. It is easy to use.	ThinkPad Laptop
Love the fire tablets! I have 4 of them and they are all amazing. My kids love them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet. Very user friendly and versatile.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son loves it! He plays with it daily. This is his 2nd kindle (we upgraded versions).	27in FHD Monitor
The Kindle line is great for easily syncing into existing Amazon accounts & it's a great tablet for basic functions, like internet use, video streaming, music streaming, apps, etc.etc.etc. However, the tablet cannot currently stream downloaded movies from Ultraviolet, which is a pain for most users that primarily bought this device for that purpose. I would currently not recommend the purchase of this device until you find out that Amazon has fixed the issue, if one of your criteria(s) for the perfect tablet is to be able to watch downloaded movies!	Wired Headphones
Bought for my 9 year old and it is perfect. She uses it to play learning games and even to read kid books on it. Was affordable and get's plenty of use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this product it does just want I purchased it for.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This product is very cheap compared to a iPad & works as good!	Wired Headphones
This is a good tablet. Kids are happy and so am I. Got my stuff back now that kids have their own.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My son loves this tablet. Great tablet for kids to learn and play on.	USB-C Charging Cable
This product is perfect for reading alongside my computer while I type.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Excellent Customer Service.I encourage anyone to purchase this tablet it works well parent block is outstanding	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this to replace a dropped and broken one. For someone just wanting to read this is easy simple and nice.	USB-C Charging Cable
I enjoy watching free movies, playing great games, and listening to the various music stations.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Limited apps, screen not as easy to touch. Good for the price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Store employees were very helpful. They had enough knowledge to help me select a great tablet.	Google Phone
It's a great tablet. Does everything you need from a table and for only $50	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is AWESOME to say the least, however the charger port is faulty and does not work properly. I need a replacement for my granddaughter who absolutely LOVES this product, as well as my other two grandchildren. Their Kindle is a staple in their lives!	ThinkPad Laptop
great for kids of all ages..........................	Vareebadd Phone
Bought this for my mother who is not so savvy with tablets but this one made it easy for her to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice unit - easy to setup and initialize. I like the availability of the secure digital memory card - can put my music and movies on the card and not take up the internal memory.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The device is excellent and you program is easy and your price is very economic	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We got one of these for my mother in law. She mostly plays games and looks at things online. The tablet is good for a minimal browsing and games...not for expert use.	iPhone
Keeps my grandkids busy all day I recharge it as they take a nap and it's ready to keep them busy all day its loaded with lots of fun games and activities for kids and adults	LG Washing Machine
Works very well. It is perfect for my brother whom it was bought for	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablets and the cases are perfect for my grandkids.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I paid $29 for the Kindle ($49 - $20 in reward cash were applied) At $49 the Kindle Fire is a steal. The 7inch display makes the 1024x600 resolution appear crispy like any HD. The educational game I purchased is fun and noticeably working. The parental controls are solid and his profile includes a safety browser with pre bookmarks added to Disney TV shows and his favorite Thomas & Friends. You can add in the kids Netflix setup and share content easily between our profiles.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for my grandchildren when they come over and then I use it also good for all ages .	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is very good for kids who are looking for reasonable cost.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had wanted a Fire for about 3 Years but didn't pick one up but this time I did. Wasn't what I thought it would be like.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this as a birthday gift for my brother. It took him a minute to get used to it because he previously used an iPad. However, with the help of YouTube, he quickly got it up and running and has been enjoying it.	Lightning Charging Cable
My child loves this tablet! He is on it all day long! Wish youtube was easier to use though.	USB-C Charging Cable
It has taken time for me to learn how to use it, but I have been able to: use on Europe vacation, download books & audio books from library, look quickly at multiple email accounts, & communicate with grown children through Facebook messenger.	Lightning Charging Cable
"Just bought my Kindle Fire and although the ""Amazon"" and ""Fire"" come up otherwise the product is dead!!!!!!! I have tried the help section but no help. Taking it back to the store. If it would work I would love it."	Apple Airpods Headphones
It great daughter loves it! She loves how fast it is	Lightning Charging Cable
Best Value I've experienced in years. Great Quality for small cost.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have wanted this tablet for a while. I had to get rid of my Galaxy Tab 3 and when I got the chance I went and bought this one. I am so happy I got this.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Is very good on the camera and features will recommend	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Glad to get the geek squad back. The tablet is great, best gift I could have gotten	iPhone
Think it will work out. Could be missing the larger storage of the 16gb which I bought for myself. Hard to say really.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this tablet! I will buy a bigger one next,I'm tired of cumbersome laptops,and this goes Anywhere,use my phone as hot spot,I have windows phone,and my fire is android...too heck with the Galaxy phone,lol with a Galaxy,lol.	
i was totally impressed with the tablet great speed great camera the sound was a little low. i loved the price and I will recomend it to my friends. The costumer service was good and staff very friendly , Thank you	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great low priced tablet, especiall if you are an Amazon Prime member.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it, only thing is that it discharges real quick	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my husband. He really likes it much better than I thought he would.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love how my son continues to use this tablet on a daily basis and he is only five years old.	USB-C Charging Cable
Fast. Plenty of great apps. Nice picture. Lot of fun to use . Highly recommend.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this to replace my iPad. The battery is decent, the quality is good but the sound/volume could be a little better. It doesn't quite get as loud as I would like so I just use a speaker with it. Overall, for the price, you can't really beat it.	Vareebadd Phone
Like my tablet very much. Camera good to learn with.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I really enjoyed my purchase. The tablet is awesome and my son really stays glued to it. Battery power is awesome.	iPhone
It's a good tablet that serves many functions. Amazon is a great brand!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got for daughter, easy to use, easy to understand.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very happy with my purchase, found exactly what I was looking for when I walked in to the store.	USB-C Charging Cable
I really like the fact that this tablet allows me to look at Facebook and Twitter and such. I'm thinking about passing it down to one of my siblings.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my 8year old. Perfect for her to browse the internet and access games, books, and other basic things. Parental controls included	Google Phone
Amazing tablet does everything I need it to do wow!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for kids and is easy to set up and operate. Great price! Bought durning Black Friday weekend but Best Buy still had them available for the whole weekend!	USB-C Charging Cable
I gave these tablets to my g/daughters and there is so much that they can do with it. They come with great apps, which I think they will enjoy for years to come. Also the price was great bargain.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the price. Pretty fast, touchscreen.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet for kids, inexpensive and reliable. Sturdy and kid friendly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great size, clarity and many many apps, games and books to keep the kids busy on those long car rides!	USB-C Charging Cable
I was glad I got it for my husband for Christmas. He play's games on it.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet setup was easy and it seem to charge quickly..	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The item for my son is 4 years old he really likes it it's a good buy	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Not very user friendly. A bit slow & heavy. Burned out pixel right out of box. Noticeable but not bothersome. Still like my iPad after trying fire.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We bought this for my 6 year old. He loves it. Make to sure to buy an additional memory card, because it's memory is small, but for my 6 year old to play games and read books, it does it's job!	USB-C Charging Cable
Love it. This tablet is great for school work and home work and also music for your car.	USB-C Charging Cable
The fire tablet is a good products from amazon they can be used in so many ways. A great educational product for a child. It was easy to setup and start using.	27in FHD Monitor
This a great tablet for the parents who enjoy playing games.	Lightning Charging Cable
I had no trouble registering this Kindle Fire. I have a plane Kindle & I like the Fire a lot better. It is user friendly even for first time user.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Would have to think about purchasing this at full price. I got another one this year for the black friday, $30 price. After adding a microSD card I use them for large Ipod alternatives. A lot cheaper than buying the Ipod and does the same thing.	Wired Headphones
I don't read the books. I'm still learning about it. I don't really even use it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet for the price! Will definitely buy again	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought it for my daughter and she loves it. It's a perfect size and very convenient for her age .	Wired Headphones
This tablet is very user friendly. It was easy to use and a great value.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought these for my sons and they love them. Lots of cool features.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this laptop for my son and he was able to set it up himself. I recorded and helped him with passwords and documenting. Speed of the computer is average for basic web browsing and running programs. Memory seemed to hold its own and he was able to jump from different programs. With it being an i3 and basic memory, I explained to him how restarting it once a day would keep the speed up. He has enjoyed and used it on a daily basis with no issues.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
She really loves using this table, it's easy and simple. Having so much fun playing games. Her Christmas gift was exactly what she wanted. She dropped it a couple of times with no damages.	Google Phone
I bought it as a gift for a business party. I did read the reviews before I bought it and figured I couldn't go wrong. I know it was fought over during the gift exchange!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Brought this Tablet for a child and she loves it very much	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is great for kids. Plays movies and games and is relatively inexpensive. The processor is not nearly as fast an iPad or iPhone but cost a fraction of the price and works great for kids.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have a couple kindles so got this one for my mom to replace a tablet I had got her last year. I didn't realize it was smaller than mine but that was my own fault. Works as expected!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I know I can pay to get rid of the ads but it's just a bad idea, tablet works fine otherwise. And if your okay with Amazon apps.	ThinkPad Laptop
Perfect size for doing everything!Multiple accountss- Amazon allows you to set up this tablet with age restricted access for kids making this a low cost piece of tech that is perfect for school kids a.Battery llife is amazing Kindle Integration -this goes without saying but having my ebooks and audible books synced to the tablet is awesome and my Kindle books look great	27in FHD Monitor
Tablet is exactly what I was looking for. Works great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A steal of a deal on Black Friday and a great gift for young readers	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great tablet for the money!! I would recommend it to anyone...	27in FHD Monitor
Kids love it and use it a lot. No issues till now.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased four of these for xmas gifts and they❤It	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my dad. He absolutely loves it. It's easy to set up and very user friendly.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased as holiday gift and added Amazon Freetime works great for the nieces and nephew.	iPhone
I would purchase another one just for myself and son	Apple Airpods Headphones
My kid love it.its an excellent one................	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought for my niece and she loves it. The fact that you can add memory is good because the 16gb will fill up fast...	USB-C Charging Cable
I had this kind of tablet before. I like it therefore I I purchased it again. I do recommend this tablet.	Wired Headphones
My nephew love the Tablet I gave him for Christmas	Wired Headphones
Bought for grandchild who is 10 and she loves it. Easy for her to handle and navigate. Price was awesome!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased one for each of my granddaughters. This tablet is taking longer to charge for some reason. Otherwise, great quality, runs smooth, and quickly.	iPhone
Everything work well i like it alot good enough for me	iPhone
The basic Kindle Fire is a perfect tablet for someone who doesn't need all the bells and whistles of an IPad. I bought this one for my daughter to replace her first generation Fire. She primarily uses her tablet to read books, play games, and surf the web. This product provides all those options at a great price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Thank you they were great gifts for my sisters loved it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
First day after purchasing the tablet the screen turned green. Since then it has given us problems with the screen turning green. I will be returning the item.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Best bang for the buck if your looking for a good tablet that don't cost a lot just buy yourself a micro SD an you won't run out of memory	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. My daughter loves it! The graphics are crystal clear extremely user friendly.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Never have a problem with my kindle fire got 4 of them	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought 4 of these, 2 for family and the others for our 6year old and out almost 2 year old. Overall a good tablet for kids, they don't quite understand the set- up of it. Because theirs so many un- needed, pre- installed apps. But they're getting the hang of it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Daughter bought for 2nd cheap tablet for movies. Great	Wired Headphones
my son loves it he's been on it all day he loves all the apps he can get	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is very easy to use and lightweight. Very convenient	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have enjoyed how easy this tablet is to use. My 3 year old can flip through it easily. It was the perfect choice.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Loved this tablet before. Happier now with lower price and expandable memory.	Flatscreen TV
My daughters 3 or 4th kindle. She loves it and is always playing on it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a Kindle before and then for reasons unfathomable to me, the Kindle seemed to erase everything when I had unexpected trouble logging in with my password. That was the end of the Kindle. Then I splurged on a Fire and bam, everything came back even better than before.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Does every thing I would need it to. Nice inexpensive tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Much easier then using phone all the time. Love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon has a really nice platform and this tablet is fantastic for those folks who do not to spend a few hundred dollars on an Apple ipad Mini.	Vareebadd Phone
It performs with no major problems and without excessive load times	Wired Headphones
Great tablet and pretty easy to set up , front and back camera and good resolution I just love my tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased as a Christmas gift for my grand babies.	Wired Headphones
great tablet.just needs a way to disable ads and stuff like that..if you play alot of games you should get the 16gb one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought two for my 3 and 6 year old for Christmas and they enjoy them so much. Ease of use and even my 3 year old can navigate this tablet.	Google Phone
Like it, it's easy to navigate have no problem. I recommend it to a friend or family.	20in Monitor
Best product for the price. User friendly and easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for my nephew, He loves it I have also got them for my mom and myself. they are fabulous, the price is so low.. you can really do a lot with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my mom. She has never used a tablet before. It's easily setup and durable enough to handle the occasional fall. She seems to like it so the money was well worth it.	iPhone
Great tablet for my kid. Great price great performance	Macbook Pro Laptop
"Great tablet - great apps and performance. I Love it """	Wired Headphones
I bought these as gifts. They were simple to operate and you can't beat it for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great gift for any age. Parentallocks awesome. Expandable sd slot too	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased two Amazon Fire pads for my kids. It has everything they need and you can't beat the price!!!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought it as a xmas gift for my daughter who doesn't read too much and now with the purchase of Amazon Kindle she's reading more.. plus she gets to play android games.	Wired Headphones
excellent product I would buy all mu grand kids one	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought for a Christmas gift and my nephews love it. I highly recommend	Apple Airpods Headphones
Amazon Fire tablet has been working well. It seems to hold battery charge reasonably well. It wouldn't be great for the youngest kids due to all the amazon product advertisements, but great for him.	Lightning Charging Cable
All the products I have bought from best buy are working so effectively. I will definitely recommend it to friends.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet, many apps for android were also available for the fire operating system. More free apps then android.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is very user friendly device. MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product for the money.This does all and more than some for a great value.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this gift on black Friday as gift for my tech challenged mom. She really likes it it's easy to use and looks really good.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great device, I have one, and purchased one for my mother. It's great for streaming things off amazon prime, but also good for downloading E-books.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the 4th kindle I've purchased, not because of issues but because everyone in my house wants one. This last one I purchased for my 3 year old. He is very happy he can play games like his older siblings on his own kindle now	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my new fire tablet. It ls light and very easy to carry. I take it with me often. I have movies and music on it and it is great.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great Item everyone should keep purchasing from best buy	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for 4 year old to watch Netflix and movies via Google Play.The entire user experience is Amazon-centric. The OS appears to be Android-based but is repackaged/rebuilt as FireOS. As a result this device does NOT have an Android OS user-interface.I was able to install the NetFlix app but I did not test it. You cannot load the Google Play app, which means that all the kid's movies (i.e. Toy Story, etc) that we intended to play are not available. For this reason alone the device is getting returned today.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a great tablet for the money. Runs fast and works seamlessly with Amazon Prime membership. Prime is not required to use this by the way. You will not be disappointed if you are looking for a tablet for entertainment. We havent tried to use this for business purposes though.	Vareebadd Phone
This tablet from Amazon can do most things like the bigger more expensive tablets at a fraction of the cost. The two complaints I have with it which are minor is the camera is not very good especially in low light and the battery does not last as long as an Ipads. Other than that it has plenty of apps and things that it can do like Netflix etc.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an excellent product to give as a gift, one of the most reliable brands in the market.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased for kids, very good product for a great price. I seems durable and I won't be out tons of money if it breaks. Amazon fires are easy to use and I love the parental control feature.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to set up and very functional. Definitely would buy again as a gift	27in FHD Monitor
Its a Kindle with Amazon and for only $40. Its a win regardless its for yourself or a gift for family.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this on sale during Black Friday. Disappointed that there aren't more apps available. Will be returning.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this tablet because I get it for a cheap price! Followed some tricks to download play store in the tablet. Works great!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the box, lots of features, can use on any tv home and vacation..	Wired Headphones
We bought this for my mom. She is very satisfied with this product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for the price. However the battery drains quickly	Lightning Charging Cable
I only use this for simple stuff, and so far I have no complaints. I bought it for thirty something bucks and all I can say is what a deal.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet proves a great value for browsing the web, storing photos and using Amazon. The sale price is truly hard to beat!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SON TO USE TO WATCH VIDEOS & PLAY GAMES. I HAVEN'T BEEN DISSAPOINTED AT ALL SO FAR. MONEY WELL SPENT.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought 3, better than we ever dreamed for money spent	iPhone
I bought this Kindle to replace my original Kindle that stopped working when I dropped it. I like that the screen is lit so that I can read it in the dark. One problem is that some games that I had purchased for my original Kindle won't load to this one. I use it mainly for reading, and it works well for that . It is small enough that I can take it with me without being too small to read.	Vareebadd Phone
My grandchildren each received a Kindle fire and have downloaded books, and games best Christmas gift ever.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great deal for the money. My daughter loves it and I'm glad.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great if you read alot of magazines, books or plan to spend alot of $ for music and stuff...most aps arnt available like google play store	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is good for traveling light but still possessing research powerful, especially in Wi-Fi areas.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this tablet for my 10 year old son. It works great as a basic tablet. It was parental controls. He likes to watch moves on it in the car. Easy to use!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
the tablet is very helpful when using the internet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
No complaints. Excellent for relaxing to read, enjoy a movie, or play games through the plethora of apps.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this to keep all my ebooks on to carry in my purse. So I could read when was stuck at the hospital, etc.Well, gee the free wifi at the hospital has a sign-on screen. Couldn't get to that. Did some reading (on my phone) I think I can fix it the next time I need to be there. Just disappointed that it wouldn't allow the sign-on page to display right out of the box!!!	20in Monitor
I bought 8 of these for Christmas gifts and everyone loved them. So easy to use my 75 year old mother picked it right up and started using it. Love love love my fire	Google Phone
Bought this for my 5yr and she loves it. We are still learning how to work it together, but so far so good.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this for my Godmother and she loves it. She is visually impaired and the large font works great for her.	Wired Headphones
Purchased this as a gift on Black Friday got a great price. Very happy with the quality.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
About this as a present for my 11 year old daughter and she loves it because not only can she play all her apps but she can also use it to read her books	20in Monitor
How about this for my uncle as a present and he loves it	iPhone
Bought for my mother-in-law she didn't want afraid of technology	Wired Headphones
I like this tablet alot but it was really hard to understand at first.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter seems to like it very much. Had to buy micro sd since memory is very small. Very happy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very nice table, for a very good price. Very good for reading, browsing, and basic functions.A little slow overall. And I also miss some better features related to the different profiles we can create. For example, we can create different profiles for kids, but can't put a password to each one of them (at least, I didn't find how to do it).	Wired Headphones
My daughter loves it. Was a little hesitant because of it being Amazon ad machine, but it turned out to be a great purchase	USB-C Charging Cable
We loved this purchase. would recommend to others.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was bought as a gift for my mother. She had an older keyboard style Kindle that she really enjoyed until her new little dog got a hold of it... She seems to like this new very much. The touch screen makes using it much easier than the old keyboard style. The color display and expanded capabilities are very nice too.	Lightning Charging Cable
I brought it for my grandson. He enjoying his tablet	iPhone
Great price for a little powerhouse, tough tablet. This was given to my nephew (3 years old) and he is like a bull in a china shop but this little tablet has held up. It may not be the fastest or the best screen, but for small children or accident prone adults this is a great tablet. It does a lot, and Amazon controls for the younger set is quite powerful.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Granddaughters Christmas gift. She loves it & the external micro SD slot enables her to download a bunch of stuff.	20in Monitor
Best tablet ever, not just an ereader. I've had several tablets and this one is my fav.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for e-reading. Easy to use. easy access to Amazon for books.	Wired Headphones
It's a great tablet the price was excellent best buy in boardman ohio	Bose SoundSport Headphones
.. I bought four of these tablets two of them I need to return because as soon as my nephew's turn them on there were problems with screen being almost completely white and black in the corners you can't see anything I've checked the settings it's not the city it's the tablet SMH I am disappointed	Lightning Charging Cable
gave item as a gift, bought on Black Friday at a great price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a good tablet. I only gave it 4 stars because it is only 8 go. Otherwise is working well.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"There was a ""black Friday"" special to purchase this tablet for $33 and really could not pass this up. It is intended for a toddler in times of ""crisus"". We don't have amazon prime so really it is useless until the money is spent. Product itself is fine."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the kids they can use it for games.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet starter for kids and also like that it comes in different colors	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my grandson as a gift and he loves it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Gave these as gifts for Christmas and everyone loved them! The are small and full of fun	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet for the price! Perfect for my son !!!	Google Phone
The Amazon Kindle is very good for kids and adults. I recommend this tablet to every one and it's very affordable.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Awesome for the price perfect for little ones if you don't want to worry about them cracking the screen or dropping the product and paying a lot of money	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use. Easy to download games. Kids love the color options.great for school work.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use. Easy download games. Kids love to do school work on tablets	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for kids. Easy to use. Great games to download.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a awesome tablet and very durable for children	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect for the kids to use and I loved the price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great gift great price light weight battery lasts long time	Apple Airpods Headphones
My only comment, the pre installed apps cannot be removed. I purchased the 8GB model. Only about 2 GB of storage available.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is easy to use and great for a beginner. Plus you can find the Kindle on sale at an affordable price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Decent tablet for an affordable price! Value value value!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for a friend who loves it. Simple and easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
easy to use. works great when you have an Amazon account	USB-C Charging Cable
Superb value for the price I paid. I can stream video easily, and read ebooks with ease.	Google Phone
Enjoying watching movies, playing games and surfing the web	USB-C Charging Cable
The was an excellent Christmas gift for my son. It does everything he needs.	Google Phone
Do not know why I did not think about getting one of these earlier. This is one we just leave around for anyone to use as the price is so great and most of us use it for internet and playing. have not gotten the chance to read a book on it yet but hoping that will change in the new year.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very nice tablet. Easy to use, screen is very bright and clear. Nice tablet for the money!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought for my kids. Perfect size (physical and storage) for them. Privacy settings allow for plenty of checks and balances against their purchases.	Wired Headphones
So far so good. Didn't like the setup, but once got thru that everything is good.	LG Washing Machine
I absolutely love my Kindle...especially this newer generation! Great product!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for the price. It performs perfect for everyday use. My son likes it for his educational purpose.	20in Monitor
It's a really good product!! It does just what I needed for a great price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is just what the kids needed. It's easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I didn't have any expectations before buying the Fire tablet (which may have been a good thing). With the discount offered over Black Friday, I just couldn't resist. Well, I am totally amazed at how good it is, especially considering that it only cost me $33. I download ebooks from my library, surf the web, do my email so what is there not to like? Sure, it doesn't have all the bells and whistles of an iPad but, for me, it is the ideal portable internet device (even better than my mobile phone).	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great gift for those who read and also enjoy Youtube	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a pretty good tablet for the price. The only thing is when I gave it to my Niece for the holidays that it had debris under the screen in which the backlight amplified their existence.	Flatscreen TV
Great product for your money. Excellent quality and features	Apple Airpods Headphones
Didn't really do it for me. Being an ipad user, this unit was really foreign. If you are familiar with Amazon Fire products, it will be great for you.	Flatscreen TV
Got this for my dad who is not good with electronics. It's so easy to use he is already on Netflix!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's has the perfect settings for my kids usage. Keeps her away from all the inappropriate stuff n she has easy access to any downloads that interest her. Only downside is she can't access YouTube kids.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
this is my mothers first tablet ever so we're getting her use to Electronics. She does love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Right out of the box this will be a family hit for all.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this on sale and you can't beat the value of the item for the price!	Flatscreen TV
Processor is relatively slow, but it is functional especially for mundane low intensity task. Only board memory can be enchanced with Micro SD cards.	Lightning Charging Cable
I brought it to have an extra table around the house for my daughter and it didn't disappoint	Flatscreen TV
Very good tablet for kids. I bought a few and gifted them to kids of my relatives	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is very affordable but its well made. For 40 bucks this is a steal.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tablet. Love everything about it. Good selection of apps for free. If you decide to buy apps is also worth it. Cheap prices	Lightning Charging Cable
Screen resolution could be better. I got what I paid for. Fine for browsing.	27in FHD Monitor
nice tablet good value for your money kids love it	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my 9 yr old. He loves it. Easy to use. Great product for the price. Love using it.	Wired Headphones
We wanted I good inexpensive table to get our feet wet. This is a good one if you are comfortable getting your apps from Amazon. I do find the processor to be a little slow at times.	Lightning Charging Cable
If u have kids or just need a basic tablet this is a good 1 for starters. Only thing I dont like are the ads that show when u unlock it	USB-C Charging Cable
This amazon Kindle Fire is of God quality. It's a lot faster than the one I had before	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased this for my 5 yr old son. I had previously purchased 2 other tablets for him (both different brands) and they both went out within a year. He loves his tablet. He is able to play his ABC mouse and watch Netflix. Easy for him to navigate. I am going to purchase the 16g for myself.	20in Monitor
I recently bought this on sale at Best Buy for $34 on Black Friday and couldn't be happier. While I wanted primarily an e-reader (which this does very well) I also use my new 5th generation Fire 8 for Facebook, CNBC, Fox, and CNN news updates, Alexa queries, and occasional email. I added a 32gig micro disk and now store all my Amazon e-books on it (and yes, you can save all your e-books onto the micro disc. Just read the documentation as it's easy to do). While the Silk browser is not the fastest browser in the world it works just fine for my needs. I also added two security apps via the Amazon app store to keep me protected. They seem to work well so far. The screen resolution is acceptable for my needs and while I haven't downloaded any movies yet, I'm confident they will play well. I should also add that I had to separately download an update from Amazon to install Alexa. While doing I needed to call Amazon tech support and they were excellent and very customer centric, responsive, and helpful.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet for reading, playing and browsing. Value for money	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Black Friday deal, cheap and does what it's supposed to. Kept a little girl very happy and occupied	Google Phone
Tablet was working perfectly. Now the charging port isn't working. Can't charge the tablet. Will be sending back.	USB-C Charging Cable
The price was great and my kid love it. Just bought another as a gift.	iPhone
Its awaesome. I love it. The price is worth it to buy it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this item for my nephew. Loves it. Recommend buying the rubber case also	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought as a gift for my mom she loves it it's easy to use. She can take photos, watch movies, browse internet	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this tablet mainly because of the price so I am pleased with the functions that it offers...mainly accessing the internet and games.	Google Phone
I love this tablet. It has great quality and functions just like an apple tablet yet you save hundreds. I love how it also connects to alexa dot. Apple doesn't have that.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet, great price, wifi has great range compared to apple products	27in FHD Monitor
The tablet is great for my 3 years she loves it very easy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet. My kids love it. Great for the prices.	Wired Headphones
Good brand awesome use for home entertainment or out and about	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle fire is a good little tablet. Good battery life, easy to use, just wish amazon would add the play store to their tablets but other than that it is a good tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
We have this for a gift so do not have any feedback yet	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love this tablet. So easy to use. My kids love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
very good tablet for little kids , need more memory which is you can buy sd card for it	Wired Headphones
My kid is so happy. its was surprise gift for him. thanks best buy	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my 9 year old grandson. He asked for a tablet for Christmas.	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet just to keep on the side. I'm an APPLE user but for $34 bucks, you can't beat that.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 3 more of these for family and they love them.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Don't know I bought as gift for my nephew, we will see.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Device works great but is really best only for simple tasks	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was the perfect gift for my daughter. She can play games, watch movies and browse YouTube. Now I can officially have my phone back.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My 2 girls ages 2 and 5 absolutely love these tablets.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon fire is almost relevant to a tablet, which holds ,post of the feature and respect to processor speed it more than the expectation to surf and listen music	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a replacement for a kindle purchased several years ago. Happy to find the price went down and the product is better than ever. I highly recommend as an internet tool for both adults and children	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet because of the excellent apps it offers and it's easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet. It satisfies my needs.	Wired Headphones
I purchased the Amazon Fire Tablet because I have had one for about 5 or 6 years. I wanted a tablet that was sturdy and would last because I purchased it for 2 of my grandchildren	Wired Headphones
basic tablet. Good for beginners. Easy to carry. It can be used with ease.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good price and very good and nice table, with nice pics	LG Dryer
I set up the fire and Alexa automatically downloaded and that was good, unexpected. I use it daily for news, sports, and some business research. The home screen is a little much at times and I thought it would be fine but I think I would like 16 gig instead of 8 but I can just pop in extra memory.	Wired Headphones
Super Slow, Would not download, Returned after a week	Google Phone
I own a Fire tablet and bought this for my grandson for Christmas as he always uses mine. He loves to play games on it! He is 7 and it is easy for him to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves her Kindle Fire. Easy to setup parental controls.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We purchased 3 of these tablets on Black Friday as Christmas gifts for our oldest three children. We already have one at home that they share. We all love this little tablet and are very happy with its performance so far. It's perfect for the apps they use at school and for the kids' games as well. The App Store has so many great apps for free...!	Flatscreen TV
I bought 4 already and So far my cousins love it. Still working great, easy to use, great size for kids.	Vareebadd Phone
We use this as an extra tablet for the coffee table and it does everything we need for a basic tablet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very pleased with my amazon fire tablet. Reasonably priced and works great.	Lightning Charging Cable
My grandchildren will love them. Christmas gifts..	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this tablet for my dad for Christmas and actually liked it. Didn't know if it would operate at a decent speed with the low ram but it was sufficient for what he used it for.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is perfect for someone who just likes to cruise the web and play games! Perfect size and speed!	20in Monitor
This item was meant for my mother in law but decided to give to my 17 year old daughter she absolutely loves it	Flatscreen TV
My son loves the tablet. Ha ugh the freedom to down load any app he wants. He uses it everyday. Only downside is the battery life.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it my son will enjoy it because it keeps him quiet	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my first kindle and I love it. Would highly recommend	Google Phone
Just ok even for the low price of 33$. It's more like a toy than a tablet.	Wired Headphones
Great size for children and travel! The kids proof case is a must!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"G'kids came over early for Christmas, ages 7 and 10. They opened basketball hoop and backboard, a camera, Lego toys BUT they went ""CRAZY"" when they opened the ""FIRE"" tablets. By the time they went home they had already downloaded game apps to play. Thanks for a great Christmas ..."	Wired Headphones
Love it, the tablet is nice lightweight you can use it everywhere!	Macbook Pro Laptop
This was purchased as a gift for our Grandson. He is 8 yrs old and has played games on it almost constantly since receiving it. It has many free games available to play on it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I guess it's ok...All the apps are in need of updating. Amazon won't or can't update them. There help center did nothing.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought the tablet for games and surfing the internet. This is a slow tablet, not made for gaming - graphics are commonly not supported. Super cheap tablet, you get what you pay for. Ended up returning it.	iPhone
I purchased this as a gift (Christmas) for my girlfriend but i gave it to her extra early, it's a very good tablet, got it on black Friday for the price $39.99 she love it. Thanks Best Buy.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Small, lightweight, well priced, a great entry tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my two-year-old son to play games on so I wouldn't panic if he dropped it. It is also a great tool for you fire apps and Amazon Apps.	iPhone
My daughter loves her tablet. However we had to replace the first one we bought as it couldn't connect to the wifi properly. The second one works fine now.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet to purchase for a first time tablet user.	20in Monitor
I bought this for cousin. She is very happy with this small tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works well but after memory builds it starts acting up. Shuts on and off randomly. But for the price it's ok.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my grandson's 2nd kindle fire! Great product and great price!	Flatscreen TV
i bought this last year for xmas love it so much I bought another and I also bought the hd version.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought it for my daughter best thing ever I will recommend it to anyone	27in FHD Monitor
For the price and size, ease of use you cannot go wrong, and if you dont try to use it for more than it is meant to be-reader,surfing ,watching content and shopping- great low cost choice	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for an Xmas present for my 7 yr old with the monthly program through Amazon he has access to age appropriate books, videos, games love that he is not able to play something that is not in his age group.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought my son a Kindle a couple of years ago and decided to update his kindle to the newer vesion. He uses it for everything, which is great. Love that he can do so much with the kindle.	Google Phone
I bought this as a gift for my mother. It is very easy to set up and use. She doesn't need a lot of space or use many apps so this is great for her to use without having to go to her laptop.	USB-C Charging Cable
Incredible value for the money. So many features for so little money	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids love them very good and they enjoy playing there game and music	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my new Amazon Fire tablet. Easy to use and great for all levels	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Unit has fast response time. Graphics are very clear.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is having all apps handy and shopping easy with Amazon and awesome piece.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I've purchased this tablet for myself, my boys (10 and 18) and my nephew (16). It's perfect for everybody!	iPhone
An excelente producto for a very slow price. I reccomend the tablet.	Google Phone
Would reccomend. Bought one for my daughter. Prefer over my expensive larger tablet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great product great price wold recommended this great gift	Flatscreen TV
I purchased another Amazon Fire this year for my other grandson for Christmas. It is a very good buy for a child's first tablet. It does not have a lot of memory but can be expanded. The Amazon Fire allows for games, movies, and digital books to be used. The price is awesome for the value.	iPhone
It is easy to use and has a lot of great features. It has a fairly decent camera. It is a good size	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great mini tablet. Clear video. Excellent reading. Very easy to learn.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is really great for someone who wants a standard tablet experience. Nothing too flashy, but more than gets the job done.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought these as gifts for family. Great introduction into the tablet world	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this for my son and he loves it. Only thing I wish battery ran longer other than that great tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this tablet, The internet on it is so fast. It is really easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased two of these during Black Friday for $39. My kids love using these!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is easy to access and it was affordable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it for only $39! What a great price for a great little tablet!	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a good tablet! Kinda slow but what else do you expect from a cheap tablet? :)	Macbook Pro Laptop
This item was a gift. I've heard that it was a great product for the value. Recipient loved it.	27in FHD Monitor
last year I bought three for my older grand kids this year I bought one for the younger one and they all love it.	iPhone
Bought these for my kids and just love them. The different color choices give it a nice personalized touch.	LG Washing Machine
Bought these for my kids and they just love them. The different color choices give it a nice personalized touch	iPhone
It's slippery u cannot hold it it always slips and lots of ads definitely not good if u don't like advertising	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second Kindle. I think this product is good for all ages. It's durable!	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent priced portable tablet good for carrying around. Very light and small.	Wired Headphones
I have used this for a while now and what can I say .. just love it and worth buying ..	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and simple tablet. For the money can't go wrong.	USB-C Charging Cable
i bought them for my grand kids.they will enjoy them ask for a computer for christmas	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Our granddaughter wanted a tablet for Christmas so we got her one of these. My sister and sister-in-law have one and love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazing tablet. Does almost all things my original 400$ kindle fire did. So very happy with my much cheaper option!!	27in FHD Monitor
I would purchase these again,my grandkids love them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Each time that the Kindle Fire needs to be unlocked, an advertisement pops up on the screen. To remove these ads cost an additional fee, so be aware that this is the case. I have owned Nooks previously and they were more flexible in usage - such as being able to read epub books easily, for example.	Wired Headphones
This was a gift for my wife. She uses it mostly as a Facebook portal and loves it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great tablet for the price. Purchased this tablet and have not regretted it.	Wired Headphones
I bought this as a gift for my 4 year old grandson. I took it out and set it up for hime before giving it to him. He refuses to put it down. I would recommend buying a very good case with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought this tablet for our son, is very light weight, fast and easy to use	Google Phone
My daughter is six years old, and she enjoying it.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's realy high quality tablet . My son love it, and it has many educational apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use. Memory fills up fast though. Battery life is decent.	20in Monitor
Great tablet for the price. I already have 3 followers including the hd.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was very surprised with this tablet, nice beginner tablet, works well with Mine Craft pocket edition with no lags. Purchased 3 for my kids and niece on Black Friday for $33.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Excellent tablet. Love the size. Fits perfectly in my purse. I would recommend this tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for kids. Good for Netflix and YouTube.	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandkids wanted this for obvious reasons and when I saw it go on sale on BB, I jumped at the chance and bought it. The kids love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Would highly recommend, great product great price.	iPhone
This Kindle Fire is very durable I believe that she can drop it a few times and it won't hurt it a bit so wonderful easy learn product for grandkids	Flatscreen TV
Can't be it for $34 to use it on the plane for the kids. Scrolling down is kinda sluggish compared to my phone.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my 9 year old nephew and he loves it. It is easy to setup and very user friendly. Picked up a case for protection.Buy far the best bang for your buck for an entry level tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for adult, it is great when installing xbmc/kodi and stream vidoes online	USB-C Charging Cable
My sister in law is in love with this. Best gift ever for her	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for kids and adult, it had parental control as well as amazon apps	27in FHD Monitor
Got this for my nephew and he loves it, hard to get him to put it down	Wired Headphones
Great stocking stuffer , we love giving this little number as gifts every year	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got it for $30 on Black Friday great gift they loved it	LG Washing Machine
I was hesitate to buy it since it was too cheap to be true. however, it is better than my $49 dollar Chinese table that I bought to my kid.	Lightning Charging Cable
No better tablet for the price. Amazon continues to produce excellent products.	27in FHD Monitor
I love this little tablet it is about the size of a large paperback book. perfect for e-reader or kindle apps. small enough to carry around with very little weight. fast processor an lots of free apps you can use. also has expandable memory card-bonus!	Google Phone
A great product for the price, performs bigger than what you would expect. The memory expansion elevates this tablet to allow for multiple content and apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love it so much. So easy to use even for my little kids.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works well for the money. Got it from Black Friday deal. User friendly	Lightning Charging Cable
It is a good tablet for the kids to play their games on. Only drawback is the way the cord plugs into the kindle. We have had to fix 2 kindles because of this issue. For the price though, it's worth it.	ThinkPad Laptop
Good deal, better than purchasing from Amazon, from BB, you get the points, but get nothing from Amazon.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got these for our kids when we go on vacation. Easy for them to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
i brought this for my kids and no regret. Make sure you buy a case protector along with it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My son bought this with his own money during Black Friday. It was his 4th Kindle Fire. Definitely an upgrade from his previous generation model. I love the durability and extended ability to accept a larger sd card. Screen is notably better. He travels with me on work trips and having an Amazon Prime and Netflix account for this thing makes it the perfect travel companion.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for kids and adults.Great for price.	27in FHD Monitor
We've had one of these for a while now. Very reliable, easy to use and great looking display. All in all a good purchase for the price	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is so compact and fit in my purse. It works very well.	Wired Headphones
Perfect tablet for younger kids. It is inexpensive so when they inevitably break it you will not be so mad.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I only but it for the price. I won't be trading it for my i pad	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great choice for kids is simple, not expensive and a great alternative.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I don't know how Amazon makes any money selling these. The quality is beyond what you pay.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a gift for my sister in law on thanks giving and this is the best gift...They just love it to the best	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like the tablet for ease of use. It's a little slow in my opinion. Battery is good	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased the Amazon Fire tablet for $33.00 during black Friday and it has exceeded my expectations. Once I cleared all the clutter of useless apps, I was able to set it up just right for my 13 yr old son. Would definitely purchases again.	Google Phone
Very good tablet camera not very good poor resolution	Lightning Charging Cable
After searching in multiple stores, Best Buy had the best deal for this great product. The product works flawlessly from any part of the room. The Geek Squad at Best Buy are one of the finest and best to approach for its setup.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the tablet. For this price it's an amazing offer	Wired Headphones
I have the first version, and I can't wait to see my son face when he gets for Christmas	27in FHD Monitor
Good starter tablet for beginner or child. Good quality for the price.	ThinkPad Laptop
I like the product I purchased actually purchased a second one I just have other concerns with Best Buy	Wired Headphones
I purchased the Fire Tablet for my father's 75th birthday. He loves using it to check his email and to play games. It's a perfect size to travel with too.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Love my tablet. Simple easy to use for reading and surfing the Internet	Google Phone
Great little tablet for the price. Got on sale at Best Buy for $30 on Black Friday.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very nice tablet for the price. Fast and responsive	Google Phone
This was perfect for my son! He loves it and loves to read.	iPhone
Inexpensive gift. Should have bought more to give away for Christmas	ThinkPad Laptop
This is a good purchase for online surfing and checking my mails	Lightning Charging Cable
I use this tablet just for entertainment purposes on all amazon apps	Apple Airpods Headphones
The night reading light works great. I don't keep my husband up with a lamp on. It is so easy to order books on line and it gives me new authors that I wouldn't have known about.	Wired Headphones
The tablet is a good tool to help him with reading	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought 4 then 2 more. Great beginner tablet and great price.	Wired Headphones
I had read that the tablet supported gps, for Pokémon go. You can make Pokémon go work, but this tablet does not have built in gps, it uses wifi triangulation. It is great for watching movies, YouTube, and social media apps. It's also great for reading books.	Lightning Charging Cable
I wanted a tablet that would actually work, this also has a good camera	USB-C Charging Cable
Really the best cheap tablet out there.It's equally great for those inclined to hack it and make it even more useful, and anyone who want a simple tablet. Works best if you have Amazon Prime.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Is a great tablet for the kids to play games,learning stuff,you tube and cartoons love this table	USB-C Charging Cable
It's ok best for kids I think or if you in to reading books	Bose SoundSport Headphones
They are great! Kids love them! They play all there games.	Apple Airpods Headphones
its great for children not costly good for daily use	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for my 10 years old daughter. She loves it and that makes me happy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for messing around with or just to have.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very slow, freezes frequently but it was 34 dollars	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
its really good and product and quality...user friendly to kids	iPhone
I have bought 5 kindles over the last several years, 1 for me and the rest for gifts. Haven't had any problems with any of them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Can't beat kindle fire, already have 2 and got 2 more Thanksgiving sale for $33!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Gave one each to my parents and they liked the gifts a lot.	USB-C Charging Cable
Quick and light good for car rides plenty of apps and easy for my 2year old to use	iPhone
Really impressed with it. So many more features and works more like a cell phone than a tablet.	Wired Headphones
I have a three year old one and this makes it work like a dinosaur. So many improvements.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Its a steal at 33.33$. I bought the second version of Kindle fire 3 years ago. And its still running great, even with respect to battery life. I have gifted everyone in my relation. Bought around 10 of them for gifting.	20in Monitor
It was the the perfect gift for my 7 year old grand daughter. She read 3 books the first evening.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my first tablet, and I have yet to do much more with it than read news articles and comic books. But I really like its picture quality and intuitive usability. My only complaint is that it doesn't support certain Microsoft and Google applications.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I now have 3 of these tablets. I use them for my harmony remotes, baby camera monitors, youtube for the kids, receiver software, reading articles and books, games and many other things. Its not the best tablet out there, but for under $50 its great. My one issue is that it does NOT have the play store, so if amazon does not have an app you will have to side load it. Other than that you can't beat it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
We bought this item to be a raffle prize for our Unions annual Holiday party. Winner was excited to get it. Black Friday week deals made it hard to pass up.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its not exactly pink, but magenta is close enough. Girls like random anyways.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted to give something to my younger brother without being precarious	27in FHD Monitor
I have a Fire tablet like this, so I knew my granddaughter would love it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have 2 grandsons that have been wanting a tablet, so on Christmas Day they are going to be so happy!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A lot of tablet power and features for the price. Kids will thank you.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought one at the store and liked it so got one for my daughter inlaw for Christmas	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for grandkids for Christmas and they love them!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A great tablet for my son. It has YouTube and parental controls as well as time limits.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a Christmas gift for my 2 year God son and he absolutely loves it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"This is my second Kindle Fire tablet. My first works well. This was purchased for my teenaged son. He uses multiple apps; watches movies; surfs the web; does a bit of graphic design and occasionally reads a book. I use mine almost exclusively for reading and watching Netflix. I occasionally surf the web. Love that it has expandable storage, though I have not needed to use it yet. Would and will definately buy this product again."	Wired Headphones
Perfect price and just enough memory for anything. Perfect size great quality this is the 5th one I bought for someone. Pictures are great also	USB-C Charging Cable
My son loves his new tablet. It's a great product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love my new tablet its amazing recommended it for someone whos looking for a tablet for a cheap price	USB-C Charging Cable
Kindle fire is one the tablet that those everything you need to do	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great little tablet for kids works fantastic	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great to download books, movies, music. Easy to navigate. Would recommend!!!!#	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is for my son he loves it works for his games	USB-C Charging Cable
Got 2 of these for our great grandchildren for Christmas. I know they'll be excited to have their own tablets!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased 3 of these for Christmas gifts. Our family has several Kindles and they've all been very good tablets! They're great for all ages too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Fire is the best bargain without giving up anything... So far it has done everything I could have ever dreamed	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet (for $39!) on Black Friday to download a few little games and play. Does a great job for that!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Root to cyanogenmod and it becomes a good inexpensive android tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought as a gift for mom. I've seen one before nothing spectacular but they work. Fixed a screen for a friends last year. It took maybe 20 minutes so that's a plus.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great tablet does it all you don't have to break the bank on an expensive one this is perfect	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it for this Thanksgiving and for a decent price. Works decently and kids live this.	ThinkPad Laptop
Nice option for an E reader. Bought mine on sale so couldn't beat the price. Not a high end tablet but does the job.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought it for my nephew for Xmas we shall see how it holds up for him	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my four year old. I haven't given it to him yet, but I'm impressed how easy it is to use and how many apps are available for his age!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a gift for my niece and she loves it. Works well, is very user friendly even for a 10 year old and was priced as what I feel was a very good value. I would recommend.	Wired Headphones
I use an iPad daily, but saw the Fire 7 on sale and could not pass it up. It is a very solid tablet. I use it to watch Prime videos when I travel. Should have bought the larger screen. It was will worth the buy.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
use it for taking pictures of family for memories.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got this as part of the Black Friday deals and my wife really loves it for reading books on. The battery lasts several days with moderate use.	Flatscreen TV
Bought this on black Fri. Great tablet for the price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Good tablet,the screen is a little confusing but OK	iPhone
It's smaller than I one I had and it holds battery life good	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price it's an awesome deal the tablet is wonderful and will do everything that I want it to do for my 4 and 2.5 year old. It doesn't have a ton of storage but that's okay we will be using ours for Netflix and coloring games while traveling!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Greater. Good. Ok. Nice. Ok. Enough. Done. Go get it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought 2 of these for Christmas presents because I got one for myself last year and really liked it. I take mine everywhere, on the beach, to the doctors office, to my in laws and Las Vegas just to name a few places.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I LOVE THIS AMAZON FIRE. AND THE PRICE IS AFFORDABLE. LOVE IT	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this table because I can monitor everything my kids download!!! Watch!!! Use!!!! I can control everything!!! Best investment!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great price on this tablet, now if only my kids could let me borrow it for a while	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the tablet for my children and they loved it.	Vareebadd Phone
Looks decent for $40, it would be better add YouTube app.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Not as good as the higher end Kindles, but nice product for the price point. If you're an avid reader, and especially if you are an Amazon Prime member then this product offers an incredibly great price for entry into the Kindle reading products, especially now that there is Amazon Prime reading. For even more value and selection, join Kindle Unlimited. In short: This little device and a Prime account offer an incredible selection for countless hours of reading. I can't see how you can go wrong, unless you plan to watch videos and then I recommend one of the nicer Kindles...maybe? This one can do the job, it's just an entry level, basic model; but for reading, I don't believe you'll ever wish for more."	Lightning Charging Cable
I gave it to my mom for a gift. She loved it lot..	Vareebadd Phone
The device is amazing the kids love it. It's very easy to use almost like a iPad.	iPhone
Just what my kids needed for a road trip. Easy to setup. Love it	Lightning Charging Cable
I would say this tablet is a killer deal for the price. I bought it for my 2 year old who loves to watch Mickey Mouse and just random baby songs. Works perfect. Best thing about it is....... If they break it... it wont cost you much to replace it. I bought 2 of them just incase.	iPhone
This was a gift for my father, and he loves it. He uses it mostly for music on Spotify of Pandora MD he hooks up his Bluetooth speaker to it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for my son so he can play his games and keep him occupied for hours. He loves it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great amazon tablet for the people whoe just want to use it to read, browse the internet, or play games.	ThinkPad Laptop
I love this Kindle. This is the second one I have purchased. It's easy to use, had great background light.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It broke so quick. You get what you pay for honestly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A brilliant tablet that has further raised the bar for the rest of the competition	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased the tablet for my mother. She is a senior and not technological. She has learned to use the tablet to pay her bills which saves a lot of time and stamps. She also plays games on the device that helps with her cognitive ability. Best purchase of the season	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's neat to use. Something I never thought I'd have. At the price I couldn't pass it up.	iPhone
For the price of this tablet its well worth the money very durable and works well	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought this as a gift for a family friend. She uses it all the time for Netflix. She is really happy with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got it to gift my niece , they should be very happy to get it. Product looks good , All the features like screen , camera , processing speed is good for the money you get it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
You get what you pay for. No complains............	Apple Airpods Headphones
Works great like it should plenty of apps and more, great graphics	Lightning Charging Cable
It is a great tablet, not to expensive. Great for kids!	Wired Headphones
Bought these for my boys and they love it read books play games	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought as a gift for my kids. Great device. Kids love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
It was a great price bought it for my neiece for Christmas and I'm sure she is going to love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my husband for him to use a home. He likes that he can sit anywhere and use it. He has a big laptop and does not transport well. He said he did not want a tablet, but he uses everyday. The only downfall on this tablet is that when you turn it on it advertises some online game and you have to wait for it to go away before you can use it.	ThinkPad Laptop
Decent product for the price compared to others in the same price range	Wired Headphones
Very productive product naught for my daughter and she loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the price. Not really for reading books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect tablet for my 4 year old since he was always taking mine. Love having color options to make it feel more like his.	20in Monitor
i love diz one cheap&best price last year purchase this product	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my son so I can read him books and he can play a few games. it is easy to use and i Like how you can setup for it to work kid mode	20in Monitor
Very good of a steal almost 50% off, not the best tablet but good for the price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the way we can program it for my grands....	Wired Headphones
Excellent tablet great for reading.This tablet is also good 4 games but could use longer battery life	USB-C Charging Cable
I didn't realize that you can't even put Youtube or similar apps on here. Ugh. Had to return product and get a different one.	Lightning Charging Cable
Overall a great tablet for the price. Able to use this for work and play	Wired Headphones
Did not realize how small it would be but it seems to do the job...Still learning how to use but have a free Geek Squad appointment this week to review and setup. Love that about BB.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle. Bought this one for my mother in law. Plan on putting her on my Amazon account then we can share books. This way she will always have books to read and not have to pay for them. Luckily we like the same authors.	USB-C Charging Cable
Awesome little tablet for the price. Not an iPad but fine for just watching Netflix and other small tasks while on the go.	20in Monitor
I bought this for my nephew and neice. Off the charts!!! They're learning at an ecellerated pace.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my 6 year old. She really enjoys it for playing games. Pretty good built-in security features	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for my niece and she loves it. It's the perfect size for her to bring along with her any where she goes.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is the second kindle fire I have bought. The first one is almost 2 years old and works perfect to date. My 4 year old daughter plays with it and has dropped it several time without damaging it and it had no case on it. For the price this is the best affordable tablet. Especially for children. Great Buy.	Wired Headphones
When i opened this tablet there was a white line in the bottom corner of the screen. Everything worked fine but that line was bothering me. I returned it to the store and got a replacement but it had another white line. Other than that it was a good tablet, it is very affordable	LG Dryer
I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY GRANDSON TO GIVE HIM SOMETHING TO DO WHEN HE VISITS COUSINS WHO HAVE TABLETS. ITS NOT A TABLET BUT HE HAS NO COMPLAINTS	Lightning Charging Cable
the tablet is great for kids. it's ok if it gets damaged because the are so cheap compared to an ipad. easier to just got get at BB	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect tablet for the price. Does everything incredibly well, snappy performance! Thinking about getting a second one! Expandable memory is a massive plus.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for all your day to day needs at a fraction of the cost of other brands	USB-C Charging Cable
Very good for my 6 year old boy who likes to play games	Wired Headphones
couldn't go wrong with the amazon tablet for $50 best deal there is only at Best Buy!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is great for the young kids gift ideas.	Lightning Charging Cable
This product is exactly what I needed and exactly as advertised.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this on Black Friday. I think my kids will love it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Worked good for a month, the kids loved it but then just went black and wouldn't come back on. Sending it back to get a new one with the warranty.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Works Great , Great Item , Easy to Use & Easy to Download	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great gift for Christmas for children! Inexpensive as well	USB-C Charging Cable
For $33 during black Fri and even the regular $50 this is a steal. Performance, battery life and ease of use are great. Several profiles in same tablet an added bonus!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for Christmas for my daughter. Its small size allows it to be easily carried around and handled and she will enjoy reading kindle books on it.	Lightning Charging Cable
"This gift was given to a relative who is hospitalized for an indefinite period of time. Perfect way to stay connected; great alternative to purchasing hard copy books."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Best Tablet you can buy for the money so hurry and get yours.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great price. Bought thanksgiving day online. Could have picked up at store, huge supply. I got blue online, only black in store. Basic but worth the $33!	Lightning Charging Cable
Fantastic deal for price. Does everything I need and then some.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet was purchased on sale and worth it.It holds a good amount of memory. Lots of games can be downloaded.	USB-C Charging Cable
Both my daughters have had kindle for several years and love it. Purchased their brother one	20in Monitor
I wish I would have purchased the Fire before I bought my iPad mini. I would have saved over $200!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet more than my Ipad! I bought this item for both my son's, ages 7 &8, they love them! They are inexpensive and very easy to use also easy to set parental controls. They play all thier favorite apps and games watch movies... for free. I wish there were more options or variety on protective cases. Otherwise, it's an awesome product for any age!	iPhone
Love this product so much that I have purchased 3 now	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I picked this up on Black Friday when it was $30. It seemed like the parental controls would make it good for my kids. I'm not sold. While I can sideload the Google Play store, you can't access anything you download from the safety of the child's account. In addition, 8 GB is practically useless.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was looking for an inexpensive tablet that would be fast, cheap, and do simple things as reading, internet, and music. So far it's been great and on top of it Amazon released an update that adds Alexa to the tablet, so now you can ask questions to it, do notes, ask her to order you items, and also get her to play music from Pandora, Spotify, etc. Great buy!	20in Monitor
Good product and excited to use it bought some for our kids	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Not the best tablet, but for the price on black friday I couldn't resist. Great for a couple of teens.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this as a tablet I would feel ok to lose. It is better than expected.	USB-C Charging Cable
The tablet was everything I was looking for for my little girl thank you so much for making such an amazing tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet for young and old alike. It has a track record of reliability and ease of use at a great price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for a Christmas gift. Works great for anything we have tried to use it for. Great reader!	iPhone
High resolution screen with very clear and vibrant color representation.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a simple tablet, but works great, good picture, you can do most the same as other major named tablets.It works for me.	iPhone
Love that the memory is expandable! The kids are going to love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I originally bought this tablet for myself. But my kids quickly saw the appeal and started using it. It's been a great purchase and my kids have had a lot of fun with it. And the prices is really unbeatable.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought it for my Dad to play games and to download books on it so he won't drain his phone battery.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like the tablet it has a slot for a memory card for extra storage. It is easy to use and inexpensive.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a nice budget tablet especially as a starter tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
My kid loved hers so much that I bought one for my son. Wonderful and easy for the kids!!	Wired Headphones
Very durable and easy for my 5yr old to use. The price was just a plus.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am purchasing this tablet for my younger cousin as a starter tablet. But we will see how well it holds up with his rigorous activity and game playing.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for our foster child as a Christmas present	USB-C Charging Cable
The fire does a ton and costs very little. I really like it	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a Christmas present so it hasn't been used yet	Apple Airpods Headphones
Screen is very clear and it is easy to use. Great product for the price.	Wired Headphones
My Grandson love this tablet it's great for a 6 year old	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice tablet. Screen is clear even though not high level HD. Amazon features with android capabilities work well!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price and easy to use. Perfect for using while traveling by car.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have all tipe of tablets. My favorite is the apple but I prefer fire tablets better than Samsung any time.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Seems to be great quality for the price. Works great.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Fire is a good handy tablet. So far I have not been able to download a document from something other than Amazon. The document I am trying to download is the reason I bought Fire in the first place.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this to take on vacation and I love it! I use it to read ebooks, watch Netflix, check my email. Definitely gets the job done.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's continent for my son but is too slow to connect to wifi	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The service that I received was terrific. I am very pleased with my purchase. I would definitely recommend your establishment to my friends and family	Google Phone
Great price for a Kindle as a present for your kids	Wired Headphones
Great simple tablet for younger children to use...	Wired Headphones
My child is having the time of their life, great for small hands.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This item is ok if your not looking for a big name brand tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's the perfect table for kids (personal situation) has almost same applications the most tables has, with affordable price.You will be happy with your purchase:)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect fit for what i was needing. Might get another soon.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my wife and she loves it, it's small but runs great	20in Monitor
Purchased for youth gift as starting tablet. The Best Buy Cyber Monday one of the best price for purchase. Will be able to determine operation of such once the tablets have been opened and operational.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought this for a gift and now buying one for myself. Very portable and easy to use.	Wired Headphones
It's very nice and useful. I will recommend this product.	27in FHD Monitor
"Bought 2; Great Tabs for kids, economic and sturdy; great buy for the Holidays !( Now the leave my phone Alone ! )"	Flatscreen TV
I got two of these for my kids. If they break oh well. Good for a step up from leappad.	27in FHD Monitor
My organization was tasked to give gifts to needy children. So we figured these would be great gifts for the older children since they rarely get gift that they could use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my nephew since he dropped his last one in the toilet and we didn't purchase the accidental coverage last time. He is only 8 but loves to play games on it. Since it's linked to my amazon account I can see what games he is downloading and control the purchases made. Definitely a must have for long car rides!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My first Kindle must have been defective as it was overheating. Because I bought it at Best Buy (and their return time was over) and not from the company all they would do for me was give me a discount on a second one. I finally accepted and the second one has worked perfectly. This is a good option for a cheap tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this gift for a family who didn't have much and I wanted to bless their kids with something nice. This made their day and was exactly what they wanted. I purchased two of them originally but now I might buy two more.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Our family isn't from Ohio so when we travel back home we like to have something for the kids to do. I didn't want something super expensive because of course theyre 3 and 5 so not the most responsible. These worked perfectly fine for them.	Vareebadd Phone
I brought 3 tablet for my grandkids and the love them. Its easy to operate and block off other web sites to make it kid friendly	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet, lite, portable, exceptionally fast and plenty of space for everyday internet browsing and/or YouTube watching.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire is a great value for the cost. It is a nice size tablet to take on the go, watch movies and videos and check your social media sites and email. It's a great gift also. Even for those who have iPads and laptops. Very convenient and I highly recommend it for all ages.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought 2 for my kids great price well worth it. Works great on wi fi	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is very reasonably priced for children and I love the insurance replacements. Must have for the young ones.	Google Phone
This is my second Kindle Fire and it is even better than the first.	Wired Headphones
THIS IS MY 2ND TABLET AND THERE IS NO BETTER TABLET FOR THE PRICE, GREAT SCREEN AND FEATURES, VERY RELIABLE, RECOMMENDED FOR READING BOOKS, SURFING THE WEB OR KIDS, CHEAPER THAN MOST KID TABLETS!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Nice to have for the price I bought it for. Does what I need it to do just not very fast.	Apple Airpods Headphones
i bought his for my son and he loves it it fits right in his hands and easy to navigate	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The fire tablet is a great tablet. I've purchased 2. The kids have shattered the screen on both and still work great!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet for my grandson as a Christmas gift because of the timed parental control feature.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this as an extra tablet for travel & shopping..it is perfect for what I needed smaller than my other tablet but functions almost as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love it & I like it 2 tanks and is really easy to use great product..	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is just the right size and price for my kids. For just playing the games, watching netflix, or just cruising the net, this is a great value.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for myself and then bought two more for my kids. They approved it :)	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my wife as a replacement for a Fire purchased a few years ago. She likes this better	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
What a great tablet. I purchased this Amazon fire tablet for my niece for Christmas I love the colors that are available, the price was excellent. Very happy with my purchase definitely would recommend to anyone looking for a low price tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this tablet as a gift for my granddaughter to play games on. It is very easy for her to use and it is just the right size.	Lightning Charging Cable
At an affordable rate. I am thrilled with the purchase fir my son	Lightning Charging Cable
Love that you can pick different colors for the tablet, my mom will love it. Great easy functionality and ability to delete apps and install new ones.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have one but bought this for a gift. Best gift for a great price.	20in Monitor
Fire tablets most most awesome with lots of good images	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Can't expect too much at $33.33, out of the box it has pixel damage. Already have it set up too much of hassle to return or exchange now.	Flatscreen TV
This is a great starter tablet for the price - It is easy to use, expandable and cheap and able to use for surfing and reading and games	Wired Headphones
This tablet is a great purchase for the price. Easy to use and perfect for kids.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought it as a toy for my daughter to play games and watch videos.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for $33 on black friday. It was a great deal, but the ads are kind of annoying. Ads go away after you turn the tablet on, but it is a bit distracting at times. However, it is a small price to pay for such a nice tablet. It is a nice little device to keep on hand for web browsing and watching Netflix before bed.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet works well and provides basic app service. It does a great job for what it is intended for,	Wired Headphones
This tablet is a great tablet for the average user. It has decent sound quality and works great as a reader	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you are looking for something inexpensive for your kids this Christmas, this is the one.Easy to operate, good quality and size for kids and adults.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for my granddaughter, she is 13 and loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
Wife had a paper white but needed something to listen to her scribd account. I paid $33 for this thing.. worth do much more.	iPhone
Got a great item for a great price. I'm totally in love with this item. Well worth the price.	Flatscreen TV
I picked this up on Black Friday and ended up returning it the following week. This may be greater for an e-reader but can't replace a tablet for emails / amazon shopping.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this and the kids version past Christmas. Its lack power and storage to be useful unless you want to just read books. Don't waste money on this product. The kids version is a good ideal but loading the apps, when they work takes forever. When they do work, the kids enjoy them. So I consider it to be a hit and miss. I'll be canceling the subscription as soon as my free year is up. Not wasting money on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
she loves it. very good product for the money. would recommend it to friends.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased a Galaxy phone and received the Fire tablet for free. I do use it to read books to my son. He mostly uses it to play his games. It does the job!	Wired Headphones
Mostly use the Kindle fire to read eBooks. Works great to download and read books from the public library.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good price for the tablet. I brought this for my nephew	Flatscreen TV
amazon kindle fire 7 inch is a super buy . works great .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great buy. Deff worth the money. Much faster than my phone	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect for my now 5 year old alittle off setting up since use to an iPad but she's doing great with it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece. Very good price.	Wired Headphones
Perfect tablet for the money and quality. I had to buy another as a Christmas gift	Lightning Charging Cable
Recently bought one of the 8GB models for myself and loved it. The next day, I ordered one for my wife and one for our kids. Easy to use, good battery life and a great price!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought 2 during Black Friday, great for the price! Don't expect it to be an iPad but for regular use and price, you can't beat it!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good tablet for basic used. Just need it for basic functions. Perfect	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's great, but not too much memory. Bonus I was told that I could add a memory stick. Haven't done it yet, but like the possibility.	Lightning Charging Cable
The product is cheaper than the kid version but works the same. It is a great product from Amazon. The camera is so so but entertaining the kids are great.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great tablet for kids to play games, school apps and reading	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my mom and she just loves it. Uses it for reading mostly.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought as a gift for a disabled relative. She loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good tablet for the kids. They love watching youtube and playing apps.	ThinkPad Laptop
bought this for my 2yr old and he loves it. great price for the features	USB-C Charging Cable
great gift have one myself, easy to use & carry!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids adore their tablets! Best purchase ever!!!	iPhone
We purchased 3 of these for our kids and they love them.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet does exactly what it says it's going to do. Got it on Black Friday for $33. It's hard to believe that they can sell something like this for $50 and make money. Works great. Easy to use. Lots of free book from Amazon	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My nephews use their tablet all the time. It's durable and pretty fast. They love it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Haven't try used it. It a Christmas present. Updated you later	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this for our goddaughter and while the price is amazing, and the tablet is acceptable for low overhead use, I set up the same tablet for my daughter and it is too slow for my use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Small and easy to use. This was a great value on black Friday.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it for my daughters gift, she loves playing	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Myself and my two kids have these tablets. The do exactly what I need them for, to read and watch streaming shows. They have games for my kids and they are cheap so if they break them I'm not to worried.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good size, Easy to set up and use for my grandkids	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased two of these tablets, for my 10 and 11 year old daughters. They work great! Very good deal for the price.	27in FHD Monitor
got this for my nephew and he loves it. easy to use and has great sounds and picture quality	USB-C Charging Cable
I absolutely love my Amazon Fire. When I travel I always have access to my book, emails, and the internet all in a nice little unit that fits in my purse. You can enlarge the print to make it easier to read. Very happy and you sure can't beat the price!	iPhone
I love this little kindle. It's necessary to take advantage of your Amazon Prime membership. With that membership, you get to read, every month, one their amazon unlimited kindle books. To take advantage of that aspect of your prime membership, you have to read these books on your kindle, and can't be accessed on other android tablets. That's 12 books to read for free a year. Best of all, mine was on sale for $39.99.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excelent for reading, and for the kids. Own two of these, and they both work perfectly.	USB-C Charging Cable
Not impressed but don't regret it. I like the parent controls a lot though - main reason I got it.	Lightning Charging Cable
What a deal I got this Black Friday specially for a kid who loves reading	Apple Airpods Headphones
Ny son really enjoys playing his games on his tablet. It was good purchase at a awesome price.	ThinkPad Laptop
As a gift you can't go wrong. Best price an happy customer	Vareebadd Phone
Purchased this for my Mom who had never had a tablet/smartphone, etc. She was able to figure it out quickly and the price was right. Works great for her.	iPhone
Until the tablet stopped being responsive, I spent many hours enjoying casino games. I used the tablet primarily for gaming but also I was able to get news on occasion.I bought the tablet because my laptop had ceased to function. If I don't get a new laptop, I will most likely get another tablet, perhaps an upgrade.	USB-C Charging Cable
Best tablet buy for my son . It's perfect for the games he plays	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good product at a very good price. I bought this product as an affordable table option for my son.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great for reading books and the kids app is great. My 5 year old loves it	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice product, great value. Perfect beginner tablet for my 7 year old!	Wired Headphones
This is such a great tablet for the price! Only regret was that I didn't buy another one for the Black Friday sale price	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for kids of people who don't need lots of memory	iPhone
Bought for my nieces, great for them and easy to learn to use	Wired Headphones
Easy to use, battery life could be better, but does what's needed	Wired Headphones
It was a good price and nice. It takes nice pictures.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I actually purchased this tablet on Black Friday 2015 for my son. It works great with no problems. I bought 2 more as gifts for my nephews on Black Friday 2016. Plenty of green games to download. Great for kids !!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is a great gift, specially if you have lil ones. They will be entertained for hours.	20in Monitor
Great for kids. Easy to use. Great price. Would recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
Played with a little but it's a Christmas gift. No problems with so far	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this as a gift for my niece. Hope she likes it	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to navigate. Great for kids and adults. Parental control features. Love a tablet and EReader in one!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great Tablet, good value for money. I got this as xmas gift for my famaily.	27in FHD Monitor
We bought several for our employee party. I liked it so much I bought one for myself.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great easy to use great pictures great price. Awesome	Google Phone
I'm not a huge fan of the modified Android interface on this tablet, and it is FAR from the best tablet on the market. Not even close. But I am giving it 5 stars based on its value. It is a very durable and functional tablet and includes a camera AND a microSD slot for cheap, easy, expandable storage. Throw in the excellent integration with the Amazon ecosystem (if you use that) and you have a very worthwhile device. If you are not a big Amazon user, I don't think it has as much to offer, but it is still nice for an ultra-low-budget tablet.	iPhone
Great tablet, perfect for my son. He can have all his games. Great performance	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I've had my tablets since last year and they still in great condition, ii read on it a lot so I think I made a good choice	Lightning Charging Cable
Never knew I needed a tablet until I got my hands on this one	USB-C Charging Cable
Outstanding value, for the price I paid on Black Friday ($33), this tablet does all of the functions I use my expensive iPad for (light web browsing, email, videos, books).Sure its not as fast and the display isn't as sharp, but its less than 10% of the price of an iPad 2.	Wired Headphones
It gets the job done and I like it. It's really good for little kids as well	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect e reader for beginners. My daughter is 9 and loves it	Wired Headphones
great tablet works well was a good gift for a begiiner	Wired Headphones
First of all you cant beat the price. I got it for my 4yr old granddaughter and it serves its purpose well. Its perfect for her to play games on or watch you tube vidios. Its size makes it easy to take it with us almost everywhere because it fits rite in my purse.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet is not bad at all for the price I paid during Black Friday. The only issue for me is the occasional pausing during streaming on netflix	Lightning Charging Cable
Good for the price. A very basic tablet with basic functionality	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice and convenient tablet for kids! I like that it has parental control so parents can Connell what the kids do and download on it. Only downfall is you can't get all apps on these	USB-C Charging Cable
I have purchased numerous kindles and Fire tablets for family and friends. They've all loved them. When they went on sale at Christmas, I decided it was time to get myself one, after, of course, buying three for unsuspecting niece and nephews. I have an older iPad that I love and use but it is limited due to upgraded technology. This Fire tablet is perfect to do all the things I could not do elsewhere. If you are an Amazon Prime member, you owe it to yourself to get one of these things.	USB-C Charging Cable
Don't like all the ads. Didn't know that they would be permanent because I bought it on sale. It's very slow and has trouble connecting to my wifi.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price for this tablet my kids love it and we haven't had any problems with it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Works very well as a cheap youtube tablet. Would recommend.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great tablet for my gra ds kids Christmas presents	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this kindle as an upgrade for my first kindle fire	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great unit at a great price for reading and storing recipes and cooking.	Lightning Charging Cable
An Amazon fire tablet for $50!? Need I say more. Worth every penny.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Wife loves it, great price. She thinks it is better than our sons ipad.	Apple Airpods Headphones
awesome little tablet with lots of functionality. my biggest complaint is the lack of power in the volume. besides that, there are too many apps on the home screen that gets in the way and looks cluttered. i have not found a simple way to remove them yet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
glad I got this kindle. can take it with me, and I can actually see the screen	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A real nice tablet for children and got it on sale at Bestbuy	Google Phone
My son loves this tablet and it was an amazing Black Friday deal!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The size is nice for portability, roughly the size of a normal paperback, nice features, very easy to use, adding books to it is a very easy procedure, either downloading or hooking it up to the computer to transfer .pdfs, etc.	Wired Headphones
Got this for the tanks giving and found it to be a good one for my daughter. The battery life is pity good for this device and the device itself is robust as my daughter uses this tablet very roughly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Best investment made. I use this daily for reading and doing light work.	iPhone
Does everything my daughter needs to do as far as playing games	USB-C Charging Cable
Awesome product we enjoyed a lot very easy to use with no problems	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I would definitely recommend this product for the price.	27in FHD Monitor
for 50 this one of the better tablets you can get as its fairly fast and has a solid display.	27in FHD Monitor
Easy to use many different features make it fun to use	iPhone
Easy to use in kids mode. Lots of games and books for the kids	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire is very versatile. Affordable, and can side-mount the Google Play Store.	Google Phone
My niece loves this tablet & I love the Amazon add on that lets me control what she can do, how long she has per day, and when it turns off for the night/ turns on in the morning.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use. Great size. Great price. Easy to navigate.	USB-C Charging Cable
Works well for the purpose of reading and a few games.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"This is another standard Kindle color screen product that replaced our original Kindle 7"". This one is much faster and has more access to apps, although they are all through the kindle store, not android app store. I couldn't for example use my Mcafee anti-virus. I had to use the one that Amazon approved. Over all, a very good upgrade."	Google Phone
It's for my kids so I didn't want to spend to much but they down load all the games they want and keeps them busy	USB-C Charging Cable
Very useful and helpful techs at Best Buy. Cost was average	Bose SoundSport Headphones
i bought it as a replacement for my son's tablet that got broken. he likes to watch kids youtube app in the evening when we are winding down but with amazon you cant get any youtube apps just some terrible knock offs which was the point for getting to begin with. the orice was great though!	Wired Headphones
My Kindle Fire is much better than my previous Kindle. Works well in bright day light and user friendly. Access to books and downloading is more streamlined with this device. I'd not hesitate to buy again for myself or as a gift.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this as a gift. My kids and I have these at home and love them. My cousin loves it as much as we do.	iPhone
This is my second Kindle Fire. Although the first one still works, I wanted an updated one. It is the perfect size for purse or pocket and does everything I need, even things not available on my iPad. Each version has some changes and that got some getting used to.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good quality price ratio!We buy this table for a little kid for a very low price and it's one of best deal for a very long time....Again, very good for their low price.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this for my son and he loves it. He does vary basic things like play games and watch videos but it works perfect for that	USB-C Charging Cable
I love it, it is easy to read on and a nice size screen for the kids to watch movies on	Lightning Charging Cable
Looking forward to using my updated Kindle at Christmas.	27in FHD Monitor
Use it everyday..never had a problem,perfect for gaming ,internet,email,etc.i use it for everything.priced nice	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"For 48"" the price paid was excellent. The only con is that it isn't a smart tv. But it is 1080 HD. Would recommend."	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the tablet, easy to use and loaded with fun for the whole family	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought as a Christmas Gift. I think my grand daughter will be very please.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids loves this tablet. They watch YouTube and play games on it all day.	USB-C Charging Cable
Can't beat the price on this tablet. Have to a student in college and they love it for taking notes and movies.	Google Phone
Great price, works well for what i needed. No need to spend hundreds on other tablets.	Wired Headphones
I was having issue with the wifi for my main laptop, so I needed something that I could check email and writer posts on. Now I mostly use it to play games and watch shows through apps. With all of that, the battery only lasts for a little over 3 hours before it needs to be charged. The tiny charger that comes with it isn't that long, so don't expect to be able to do anything with the tablet while it's charging. So if you need or want something that's bigger than the average phone screen to watch movies, read and check email or read books, I think this is a good bet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this tablet for my child because he previously had one. Not much storage and the cord strips easily.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my kid, easy to use. Set up parental controls so they don't shop on Amazon, and it's quick.	27in FHD Monitor
I think it's a great tablet and it's great for the price	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for grandkids. Have times they can go on. I have 4 of them.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet was great for my boys. I would highly recommend for young kids. A+++	Lightning Charging Cable
The value of this device is amazing​, the battery life could use some work tho	iPhone
It's a nice tablet that has lots of apps from the Amazon market and if you're an Amazon Prime member you get a lot more videos/music/etc. to enjoy as well.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I especially like it's versatility and ease of use.	Flatscreen TV
I bought this tablet because of the great price and all the things that it can do. Really excels in all fields.	27in FHD Monitor
My kids love their new tablets they use them for homework and at school	LG Dryer
Inexpensive alternative to standard Kindle e-readers.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I would definitely recommend. It's great for every day use.	Wired Headphones
Bought it for my 4 yr old nephew who loves it. Easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
The price and product is perfect. Great for travel. Light weight and easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love my tablet. Only thing I wish, is that the charging cord was longer.	Wired Headphones
This is indeed a great product. Touch sensitivity and overall performance offcourse cannot beat other top brands, but it is with a very good price.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 4 year old doesn't like the tablet for several reasons.. I can't say why, but she just doesn't like it. So, I'm going to have to get another tablet.	iPhone
I started out looking for an iPhone 7 Plus. My company wanted my iPhone 7 and $400. I looked into tablets and found this wonderfully sized Kindle. It does everything a phone or a tablet does for a fraction of the money. I love mine.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is an absolute steal at the price! Great product with great functionality!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great tablets I bought two of these for a 5 yr and 6 yr the parental control is an awesome feature. No regrets whatsoever.	Flatscreen TV
Very good tablet for very little money. Kids love it and it is very durable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A good enough tablet with great features and very decent screen quality.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect for kids with the child profile. Only downside is the limited space	34in Ultrawide Monitor
bought for my 7 year old it has held up to her expectations which at times might be higher than mine as kids show far less patience.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very user friendly with an easy interfacing ability.	Wired Headphones
I bought this item for my granddaughter she is twelve years old and very tough on electronic devices she has dropped an misplaced electronic items before so for the price I was very satisfied	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
bought this product online and less than an hour i was able to pick the product in store. super love it!	Lightning Charging Cable
This table was use for watching YouTube and it's perfect with awesome stunning picture quality comparing to all other expensive ones. This is very affordable.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
ok product serves the purpose nothing more than that	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great device. I purchased this for my uncle. I have the same device and it works great for our needs. I use it mainly for games and reading.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love it I download all of my audiobooks on my tablet	USB-C Charging Cable
Didn't work more that 4 months. Don't waste your money.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this item on sale as an alternative tab to android RC tablet. Fire tab is extremely slow, my son had been using RC tablet without any problem, but this one is slow, takes forever the web page to load, apps are also slow. Absolutely waste of money.	USB-C Charging Cable
I had one, it was a gift. When it broke down I wanted another one. So I bought this one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's a great tablet we use it alot when we travel .	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this tablet, I can take pictures and videos.	Flatscreen TV
Pretty good tablet. Keeps the kids interested which is Why I brought it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like it kids like it definitely needs a case so 4 stars 5 if it had case	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My daughter loves it,she gets to play her educational games	USB-C Charging Cable
This was an affordable device that allowed me to play music while at work. It also does quite a bit more, but this was my use of the product. It was less expensive than the iPod.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my son to get him reading more and he loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love how much this tablet can do. It fits in my purse perfectly.	iPhone
You get what you pay for. It works but is very slow.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I will never buy this again very cheap not with a dime	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Amazon Fire is a perfect buy and at a great price! What my son loves best about the Fire is that it has a camera (the older version does not). I would highly recommend this the Fire!	Flatscreen TV
Use for facebook, games, booksDoes a great job - easy to use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Best product ever my kids love them dearly!!!!!!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Use it daily home and on the road, my husband is hooked on it as well	Apple Airpods Headphones
Fire is a great little tablet that is easy to use. Great for reading books, checking your e-mails, doing Facebook.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my 3rd kindle and my last-i'm moving on to something better!For me -following all packaging insert guidelines-they only lasted a year at the most.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Took my daughter a little while to get used, now I have to pry it from her hands very pleased this item	iPhone
My 15 year daughter love her gift, even when the apps are limited its good for the affordable price.	Lightning Charging Cable
It turned out to be a good product. Glad I bought it, came in handy for school.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I use this for time tracking, music and inventory control in our woodworking shop. Works great, easy setup and no complaints.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is great for my son. It's easy for him to access and download apps, play music and enjoy video racing games. Great value for the price!!!	20in Monitor
This has all I need and want. Great storage and speed.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kids love it can downloead lots of games great charge system	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was looking the a base tablet for reading and videos on the go. This more than what I was expecting at this price point.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Amazon Fire Tablet is great for the price. Great stuffing stockers.	27in FHD Monitor
Best has some of the best products! They are very helpful in finding products! This tablet works great for reading books or watching movies!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works for a child. It's a good tablet, I guess my complaint would be the charging port. Not very stable.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased 3 of these Kindle's for my grandchildren and 1 for my husband for Christmas! They loved them and they were a very good price! I then bought myself one!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome product! Can do so much with my Kindle! Love it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a good product if all you want to do is read emails and do some internet browsing. It does not compare to an iPad or a higher level Android tablet. For this price, I believe it is a good purchase for basic usage.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice tablet for a very affordable price. I would recommend to anyone!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My wife uses this to watch our diabetic 5 year olds sugar levels through the website we have set up	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love that I combines a tablet and a reader!! I don't need to bring two products around! Tough to beat at a $49 price	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have bought this tablet for my other 2 grandaughters and it works fine for them! This one is for the 5 year old ! The other 2 are 7 and 3 years old! Great parental control features!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
my niece love it, of course her older and wild siblings like taking it from her but overall she say she love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great product for kids. User friendly lots of capabilities.	Lightning Charging Cable
She loves it, its her first tablet experience and tells me all the time how much she enjoys using it. She couldn't be happier.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like this tablet for kids because it's easy for them to use and also allows for parental controls to help keep them safe. Great value too.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for kids with parental features or they would download apps likes crazy	Wired Headphones
HAVENT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT. GREAT TABLET . !!	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased three of these Tablets for gifts for three young children. Should have bought one for myself. Grafics are more than I could have imagined.Great for learning and playing games!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy to use. Great multiple uses for such a low price. I truly enjoy this and I use each day more than my desktop computer.	LG Dryer
This is so affordable and we use it everyday! Our kids use it to watch kid videos on prime and kid apps. We bought a super tough case for it and it has lasted a long time.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I enjoy this tablet. Since I am an Amazon customer it was fairly easy to set up once I entered my amazon ID.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought for one of my granddaughters. It was easy for me to get setup and off she went. Kids are too smart these days.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's been prefect for my daughter to use for Netflix!	Wired Headphones
This small tablet packs a lot of power. I can use it for many tasks including checking email and paying bills.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
not only s it a great product but the sales staff especially mike Whitt tremendously patient and skilled in showing me the basics of the device!	27in FHD Monitor
We had one before and it was stolen so we got another and loving it as always, great thing to have on the go or when you don't want a bunch of books all over	Lightning Charging Cable
I love all of my Amazon products and this one is no different. Great quality and clear pictures	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We purchased this for our son (9) and it works great for him.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my granddaughter after her other one was dropped and cracked. She loves that she can watch all her YouTube videos on it!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this for my mother in law. She is getting old and wanted something she could see.The font size was never quite right for her and she was often confused by all the attempts this device makes to sell you something. It really wasn't a good fit for her.The device died approximately 1 week after purchase. We returned it for a refund.	Wired Headphones
Purchases as a gift for my niece in the Caribbean. As soon as I gave it to them they hooked it up ti the wifi and was ready to go. They enjoyed every minute of it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for kids inexpensive wouldn't mind buying again	Lightning Charging Cable
Loved the amazon fire tablet. I bought it as a Christmas present for my 4yo. I bought a case too because as you know kids tend do drop things... this tab was awesome because it linked up with my amazon account and I had control on what my child was viewing. I liked that the price was great and the product is durable. My son thinks it's awesome.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My family has been enjoying Amazon stuff more lately, and the Kindle Fire Tablet is no exception! I haven't spent enough time on it to get what I need as efficiently as I can on my Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1, but my husband prefers it to his Galaxy tab 8 (currently in use by our 10-yr-old son). Remotes are too complicated sometimes... our family joke anyway... but he'll sit down and browse the Amazon content, get all the car stuff he enjoys reading, and I haven't heard a complaint or call for help. I haven't even heard any annoyed-caveman sounds! I like that the input for the charger is at the top of the tablet. May sound trivial, but my main complaint with both Galaxy tabs is that the inputs are on the bottom, so they can't sit upright for use while being charged (bottom-portrait for the tab 8 and bottom-landscape for the tab 10.1 - either way, it hinders function). Functionality during charging isn't disturbed with the Fire tablet. When I'm ready for a new tablet, I'll probably get the Galaxy Pro because it seems friendlier for bloggers, writers, etc. but the Kindle works if you're not looking for something too complicated. Price-point is great too.	Apple Airpods Headphones
You can keep watching your movie on the go if you have to leave the house.	20in Monitor
Watch amazon prime and netflix on it for cheap. What else do you need from a tablet that costs under $50.	Google Phone
"Died after 120 days....30 days out of warranty. Some no name brand lasted us 3 years before this one. Figured we would get a ""name brand"" thinking that it will last longer. I won't be purchasing Kindle/Amazon products anymore."	USB-C Charging Cable
Wanted to give my father another way to read his books or play his games without lugging around his laptop. He hasn't put it down since he was given it for Christmas. Easy to use and has a lot of options available for apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great table. In fact t am typing this review with it now	iPhone
Good size for my toddler and resolution is very good.	iPhone
This is a great starter tablet. Does all the basic things and is only $50. Not gonna find a better one for this price. In this price range your not gonna find a faster one. Get an SD card and you can put stuff on the card eliminating the one weak point of the tablet, only 8 gig of memory.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a little slow on some things but otherwise I really like the tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this to use to read my textbook on trips when I didn't want to carry my laptop. Fits what I needed perfectly. Lightweight, and the battery is lasting a long time. Easy to set up.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Extremely sturdy construction. This is a great tablet and very durable. It can take a fall and keep working as if nothing happened. I would recommend this for someone who has a special needs child. I would definitely buy another one.	Lightning Charging Cable
My son loves it he downloads games and music... he watches movies on it he loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's easy to use and so much fun! I like that its small, portable and has so much I can do!	Macbook Pro Laptop
My daughter loves it! She spends hours upon hours on it!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought 6 of these for christmas for my nieces and nephews. Best gift for the price. they love them for the online and app games.	USB-C Charging Cable
The product is good for children. The downside is, the tablet's charging port will get loose and not function anymore within the first month of use. If you plan on giving this to a child, make sure you take care of charging it for them, dont let them do it on their own, or they will most likely mess up the port even quicker as they are a bit careless.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kids loved it would buy again good storage works well	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a great tablet for my nine year old. She does her homework on it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I only had a chance to download one movie and I was impressed with clarity of pic	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Grabbed this tablet for my daughter for her birthday she loves it	Wired Headphones
I love this!! Wish it had more Apps. But great for the price.	Wired Headphones
Perfect item for our autistic grandson. He absolutely loves it.	Vareebadd Phone
Purchased this tablet to use as a control panel for Action Tiles.It is a decent tablet for its really low price. Side loaded Google Play store and utilizing Kiosk Browser, I have Action Tiles displaying my Home status as to security, controls and Sonos speakers.Would recommend this tablet for this use and anyone wanting a bare bones tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great value for price. Can add a 64gb card for almost unlimited storeage. Can download video & audio to play offline.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I Brought this item for grandsons. They love them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves it. She's a little rough with and throws it sometimes but it's still good. I did have a soft case on it though.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this for my son for Learning and fun we take it everywhere with us works great	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet so much that I bought 7 of then for my family so they can have there	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
You aren't going to find a better tablet for this price. Loading non-amazon apps can be a pain and the OS is not the best, but it's great for games and reading.	Wired Headphones
Bought this tablet for my 7 year old. It doesn't have the best amount of memory but it does have a spot for a mini SD card. It's pretty durable and easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Silk is painfully slow and doesn't work on many websites. Had to install Mozilla to use bestbuy.com ironically. I can't put in orders with Silk (the default Fire browser). If using Silk make sure to disable the caching to Amazons servers. With caching on the browser is almost unusable.Ads are really annoying (only come on when you first turn it on) but I don't even really notice what they are. Usually things I'd never purchase like makeup (I'm a guy) or other junk. These make decent devices for the kids for playing games on too. This is not a quality device like a Galaxy Tab but for the price its good enough because you know they're going to break it at some point.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this pad for my boys. It is an excellent pad for a great price. They use it for all the popular apps, along with their favorite games. Sound, picture, and the touch screen are all great. I couldn't be happier with my choice. If your looking for a great pad at a great price, look no further, this is the pad!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
i was very impressed with my Amazon Fire 7 Tablet - very good!!!!	Macbook Pro Laptop
He loves it, I love it. It was the perfect birthday gift for him. He has lots of games to play,and its perfect for my reading.	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased this tablet as a gift for my mother. It doesn't have the drills of some other tablets, but it meets the basic needs she was looking for.	Wired Headphones
Love the Kindle. Easy to travel with and can be used as a tablet or reader.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Does everything we expected! Great for the price. Had it over a month now and no problems. I'd recommend it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Disposable tablet, almost like a burner phone. Works ok, but need SD card, very little space.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my 5 year old son and he loves it to	Macbook Pro Laptop
My son's love these things. Great price and works for me.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love the Tablet. It was for a gift but I have purchased a few of them..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
You really can't get much better bang for your buck! Great Device, a must have	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to use, light, sturdy. Purchased case on ebay. Great price. Wish it would work with chromecast. Sketchy Fios updates but resolved.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use for kids and elders. Very Basic functions.	USB-C Charging Cable
Should of did a little more research. Do not like the ads on the start screen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works perfect and the price is right for my needs.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought both of my young boys one tablet each. They absolutely love their tablets and very easy to use. Rarely do I hear arguing while they play their games whether it be letters and numbers or racing.	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the price you cannot beat the deal on a tablet. Crystal clear picture and very fast. OK, so the wide variety of apps available on an apple or Android are not here. But most major apps are, and if the app is not available just go to their website. A simple fix.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am so glad i got this tablet i can take it with me anywhere and use anytime	ThinkPad Laptop
2nd kindle liked the first one better space bar located to close to change menu icons download is slow and have great internet service, device freezes up a lot and have to shut down and reboot, must close out any open tab to open a new one one happy with this model	Lightning Charging Cable
It works like expected. The photos are not as good as my cell phone but ok enough for the price	Lightning Charging Cable
Quality of screen display is lacking and the reason I returned the tablet. For adult users I cannot recommend.	Wired Headphones
Durable and inexpensive. Just bought two to replace my kids' fires that were over 4 and 2 years old, respectively.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect tablet for my son. No complaints. Super fast shipping!	27in FHD Monitor
For the money, a great Android like tablet that works	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought 6 of these 4 for my children & 1 for me and my husband. Very easy to set up and for the money they are the best buy in tablets. My kids use them to do their homework as well as play games; great parent control options."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for an inexpensive tablet for around the house.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price you can't beat it , bought 4 as stocking stuffers 2 years ago, besides the one that went swimming in the bath all are still working as should	Wired Headphones
I use this Amazon Kindle for Web browsing & social media. Convenient for traveling, but camera sucks so use your phone for pictures.	20in Monitor
Good for reading and surfing on the web good for games.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Got this on Black Friday and wasn't I would use it much but I do, excellent value, easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have this tablet and loved it so much I gave one as a gift. Battery life is long.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
great product, we are loving it, highly recommended	Google Phone
Wish I didn't have to sign on with a card but great product	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this simply for reading kindle books. I was able to get it with a reward certificate for $40. It's biggest issue is glare, more so in the sunlight. I bought an anti-glare screen protector and it made a huge difference, but it is still difficult to read in the sun. I'm still very happy with the product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet. Very reliable. Only problem was the ads. But they didn't bother me too much. Overall a great buy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for reading novels.Also watching diy videos.	Wired Headphones
I bought for my son to play with. He enjoys it a lot.	Wired Headphones
Great product especially for the price! It exceeds my expectations and then some.	20in Monitor
Awesome and very cheap, but would recommend!!! Awwwwwwww	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Enjoy portability of this product. Great price too.	Lightning Charging Cable
"Perfect for my wife for her games; keeps them off her phone and much easier to work with ...."	Lightning Charging Cable
This device was easy to use. It was as it was described.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the price if you are a user of Amazon's services. Plays movies, videos , music from Amazon's Prime service great. If you don't use these, it is an OK android tablet. Does not support the Google Play Store directly but can be sideloaded. Not a great experience tho.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We got this for our daughter before an overseas trip. She got a few books and loved it. It has worked well for her.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this kindle mainly for my kids. There are plenty of games that my kids, and I, enjoy playing. Having the expandable memory slot was one of the reasons I purchased this model. Happy with my purchase....we have three of this model.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its very good tablet for the price. I have owned previous versions	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got it because it's my mom's favorite color. It's got some powerful speakers. I can hear her on it from two rooms away	USB-C Charging Cable
Mostly use the Fire on the bus ride to/from work for You-tube/g-mail and Face-booking and it functions very well for thise uses and constanrly keeps up with the wi-fi when i switch buses Sometimes I have to reconnnet but mostly not ! I have to charge mine about once a week and usually give it a top-off of juice over the weekend. Battery life might be an issue if I ran mine more intensly but works for me. Does alot of stuff I've really only scratched the surface of what it can do.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves his tablet it keeps him occupied and well behaved	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My grand daughter loves it, hasn't put it down since we bought it from her. Clear picture, runs great, she loves to watch videos and play music.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the kindles fires and all Amazon echos have bought for other family members highly recommend	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet that can be used for kiddos and those not great with technology.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Happy i used for play games is ver y fast At camera	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and download books. Great for beginners who never used digital book readers. I love it!	Wired Headphones
It's a good tablet for the price although battery is not the best	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was looking for a tablet that I could download movies on for my toddler to watch on long car rides. This Kindle Fire has great parental settings so I don't have to worry about my child accidentally buying things or seeing inappropriate content. This runs much cleaner and faster than older generation Fires. I was a little taken back by the size since I have a much bigger one, but It'll work out great for what I wanted it for. I did notice I have 2 burnt out pixels, but they don't bother me enough to return or exchange.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for a friend an was very pleased. The fire tablet is awesome. It dose everything the kindle fire dose.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet itself is good, I mostly use it to read on the go. However, this tablet only works with Amazon approved apps. As long as you don't mind it, this is a good choice. Get it on sale for a better price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Light weight easy to take with u . From reading to Facebook for all your little needs	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good entry level reader that is easy to use. The resolution is great for that page turning novel. Has lots of other bonuses too.	Wired Headphones
The Amazon Fire tablet its self I give a 4, I thought it had the Google Play Store on it and the kids couldn't find the games & stuff they wanted But my youngest loves it! Walking him through the whole process ( after the other kids tried it out I did a system restore back to factory settings) I liked it and so did my son! So all in all I think 4 Fits well!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent for travel, games, email, small enough to carry	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
so much better than my 3 year Fire for versatility.	USB-C Charging Cable
Our first one was defective but was replaced by Amazon. Our replacement works great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I got mine for a month, and I mainly use it to read PDF documents from SD card or OneDrive. The tablet is nothing like the reviews said. It FREEZES up every time I press ""Home"" or go to the next page or even to close out. When I go on the internet, some pages do not load fully. 9/10 times only the 1st half of the page was loaded. I am very disappointed."	27in FHD Monitor
Fire , it does the job I wanted it to and that is to entertain my kid and myself. Nothing fancy and it does have it's quirks and bugs. Sometimes can be frustrating on response time with touch screen and loading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
got this as a gift for the wife. she loves it and uses it a lot.	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazon fire is perfect for kids and other teens. Its not that expensive compared to ipad while the quality of product is pretty good.	iPhone
My daughter is away at school, and she uses this inexpensive Amazon tablet, which she won't is should something happen to it, and it'll be easy to replace. It has all the functions she needs, though it doesn't support some apps, but it does support all the popular social media and has a decent camera. It's easy to use, big enough to read on, but it's not huge, and it's easy to hold, store and carry. My daughter enjoys the orange cover.	Wired Headphones
Nephew loved to play games and listen to music. He never puts it down. Very good buy.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
For $50 this is a fine tablet, However I bought a 64gb SD card to expand the storage, however i have found that a majority of apps are not able to be saved to the external card , nor can they save data to it (for example Netflix). So be warned that you will run out of space and consider the one with the larger internal storage.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet is as you would expect at the price point, nothing too exciting in terms of the tech. But, add a Prime membership and this device really excels at giving you access to all the Prime perks and adds another voice control point for Alexa.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my son, and he ises it all the time.	Lightning Charging Cable
You can't beat this for the price. The Internet is fast and a good reader.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love this tablet because it's durable and versatile. Glad they finally added a memory expansion slot. Highly recommend!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Simple to use, works very well, and at an unbeatable value for price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my husband for Christmas. Got it for $33..couldn't beat the price. We found this was a greal alternative to pricier tablets and clunkier items such as laptops and Chromebooks, when all you wanted to to is check email or do surfing. Display is great, Definitely recommend	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought this for our son and he loves it. He can read his books and also play games on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is not the first time, I bought these tablet several times, because they work excellent, I sent one for my best friend and she love it, I like everything from this product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good economic solution for a tablet to surf the web when neeeded.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased this for my niece for Christmas. She loves it. Great for the kids, or if you're not looking for anything specific. Lightweight, easy on the eyes. You don't mind spending that money especially for a kid that may break it...because they're kids.	Lightning Charging Cable
At sub $50, the kindle fire pretty much falls under disposable. That said it is a fantastic little tablet, good enough to do almost anything you would want to do.Only downside is the mono speaker, it is a little of an issue when listening to music over the speakers. If wearing headphones, the sound quality is ok and you get stereo.	Lightning Charging Cable
The item that I needed was very good in value and easy to find in the store The cost was reasonable and exactly what I was looking for, which was what I needed for the new printer that I also purchased at Best Buy. thank you	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet! My fiancee uses it as an ereader for books she downloads from the library.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very durable cover Takes the abuse that a 3 year old gives it	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this to replace a previous tablet that died. Popped in a 16 GB micro SD card to add memory. You need more, 8 GB is not much. This tablet throws plenty of marketing at you, but in exchange you get a lot of functionality for not much money (I paid 40 plus tax). If you like intense gaming, you'll be disappointed I think, its not super powerful. True it cannot run Android apps, but its an Amazon product, so there are lots of apps out there. For my light weight needs, it works well.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very compact and easy to use. I Just wish it had Google play store but amazon is still great.	Google Phone
It's nice to go out in the yard and check my online stuff but it's just too small.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought a tablet few months ago is very good quality I like it a lot for watching youtube videos and i bought 2 more tablets for a gift	Wired Headphones
Gave as a gift. Hope it is working as planned. Nice sale price.	Vareebadd Phone
I actually bought this one for a friend as I already have one. She reads all the time, and I told her this is what she needed. I'm not even sure she has taken advantage of all the other options that come with it but she loves it for reading her books. She is an older lady so I help set it up for her and have not had to help her do anything else. She has been able to navigate thru it with no other help. Greatest gift I could have given her.	Wired Headphones
i am 61 years old and do not know a lot about tablets. i mainly play the games but it is great for that	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves it. She can make her videos and listen to her music.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The first kindle I purchased only worked for a week. Thankfully, Best Buy did a full return. This one works like a charm! My kids love it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
The person I bought this for loves it. She had another tablet that was actually more expensive but she couldn't load apps or anything to.	Google Phone
Bought it on black friday sale. Use it as a ODB reader for car and reading books every once in a while, for $35 there's nothing wrong with it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got this for my husband because he only uses a tablet to read and occasionally look up items he's interested in on the web. It has been perfect for the light use he puts it to. He doesn't have a lot of knowledge about using computers etc. and this allows him to read, play simple games and check out guns and other things he's interested in without having to learn how to use anything more complicated.	Google Phone
I researched about tablets and based on my interests I choose the Amazon Fire 7 tablet and protector, I wanted reading and games mostly.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Awesome for kids. Great for parents (peace and quiet) lol	Vareebadd Phone
This is good for the price battery is good quality of picture is ok	Wired Headphones
I purchased my Amazon Fire to check my E-mails and play games on it. SinceI have been using it, I check my bank accounts, use for reading and getting answers for problems on the internet. I am a Happy Camper.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this for the grandkids to use for school homework and it wotks very well. Easy for them to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
at 49.00 it was the best price for a small touch panel	Wired Headphones
Great first computer for kids. Durable and easy to manipulate. Lots of fun and educational games for the kids.	iPhone
I have specific information that needs access to quickly, My Tablet has been Extremely proficient in helping me with my Requirements !	27in FHD Monitor
You can't go wrong with this Kindle! It's a super price and a great Kindle! It's great for reading or surfing the net!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this tablet as a Christmas present when they were having a sale. It's a good, basic tablet that does everything you could want a tablet to do (especially for the price I paid).	Apple Airpods Headphones
I don't really care about the built in Amazon apps. I use this tablet for Xfinity TV streaming and it works great. Since it's Amazon, I don't expect them to abandon updates like the cheap Chinese tablets. It's not speedy fast, but for the money it is hard to beat.	Lightning Charging Cable
Have bought these for myself, grandkids and daughter. Nice size to put in purse and easy to take with you in car. Lots of uses for this.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My 3 yr old granddaughter loves this item! PERFECT	Wired Headphones
It is great for reading, but that's about it. There are ads that are quite annoying as well as the slow speed of the device.	USB-C Charging Cable
An OK product. Bought on Black Friday for $35, you get what you pay for. Runs slow at times, good for simple tasks.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love my kindle! Highly recommended to anyone that reads regularly or travels. We use it for reading on the go and even to access Netflix and email on a device larger than a cell phone but smaller than a computer.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price, used for my 6 year old daughter on a 12hr drive from texas. kept her busy. used mostly for games.	Macbook Pro Laptop
On sale for my 3 year old and he loves it, mostly used for movies and games.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is an inexpensive kindle that works great. It is a little slow loading which can be annoying, but I do love it - especially because of the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great beginner tablet for a small children. Definitely recommend this starter tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
give the tablets to my grandsons they love them and would buy them as gifts	USB-C Charging Cable
This was to replace an older fire tablet that was worn out.It was the right size for my wife to carry around,also it was much lower price than the original.	Lightning Charging Cable
can't connect to any router, hot spot. Returned and so did the sales clerk with theirs. enough said...	20in Monitor
Works well for the purpose it was used for not fancy but good quality tablet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Not the greatest small tablet and Amazon does have it locked down pretty well but it functions.	iPhone
We wanted an inexpensive tablet for our 8 year old and this one is perfect. He can use it to read books and play games and it was very affordable.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet because it seemed worth it for the price. However, it only lasted 6 months before the battery died and was not chargeable, regardless of troubLeshooting and what cord or outlet I used.Best Buy said they couldn't do anything but said Amazon could help me since it should be under warranty. I escalated multiple times with Amazon and they refused to help me each time. So save your $49.99 and put it towards a good product.	Google Phone
This was a very nice unit and easy to use for kids. Good value	Lightning Charging Cable
Got one for my nephew... very easy setup and has a ton of games to download!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
its a great device I bought it for my great niece and she loves it	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my elderly mother who had another tablet that broke. It was easy to set up. More importantly, it's easy for her to understand. I did have to create an Amazon account for her just so I could download her favorite apps. The only challenge I had was she uses Gmail for her email accounts. It took me a couple of tries to get her Gmail into the stock email app. So far, she is happy as a lark with her new tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Can't go wrong at 40 to 50 bucks.I also have the 8 inch and prefer the 7 in the hand.I bought the eight for the extra ram 2gb instead of 1 but haven't seen any differences in the 7 or 8 while using it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So here was my dilemma, I could buy a cheap tablet from a no name manufacturer and suffer lag time, battery problems, software problems and all the things the bad reviews said or I could buy(on sale) an Amazon Fire Tablet and get a great screen, great battery life, Alexa, wifi, access to my Amazon Prime goodies and an easy to us OS..hmmmm, which way should I go? Needless to say, thrilled with my Fire tablet, use it all the time and wondering why anyone needs to spend more when this thing does so much for so little.	Google Phone
I bought 3 of these tablets for my nieces and I was a little worried about the quality because they were cheap. The quality is great and my nieces love them for playing games, watching videos, movies etc. Turn out to be a great purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet if you have an amazon prime account. Not able to download some apps that are current. works better if you stay with in amazon.	iPhone
This thing is pretty awesome. It's lighter and thinner than my previous one. I am a fan.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought 2 of these for my kids to have something to play with and watch movies on while traveling. Bought a couple kid proof cases online and they are good to go. Well worth the cheap black Friday price.	Wired Headphones
This was purchased for my 7 year old son & he LOVES it!! Perfect sixe for him	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It was great for my 73 year old mother.She uses it for the Bible.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought one specifically to play music videos in my car with the Bluetooth sinced to my stereo. It's awesome.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really like this product. It's easier to read when I'm eating because I don't have to hold a book and turn the pages. Basically I have both hands to eat with and only need to tap the screen to turn the page. I will say though the battery seems to drain a lot faster when you are using the wifi and looking up books or just searching the web. That would be the only bad thing about it I would say. Other than that it is an awesome purchase	USB-C Charging Cable
"I really wanted a ""value"" item to load & listen to audio books both while at home and on the road. This is PERFECT. So quick and easy to load books via an app or the free library app. Pleasantly surprised....such a great little ""reader'."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
got it for my three year old and it's perfect for him	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great Device! Quick, easy to use and a great value!	Lightning Charging Cable
Yes it is heavy, bulky and the adds are annoying but for the price it is a great little tablet.	Wired Headphones
I have bought multiple fire tablets and will continue too. I would advise to get the protection plan for any problems and we have had a few. The tablets work good for the most part but I would upgrade the memory to 16 if you are going to play a lot of games.	20in Monitor
I bought this tablet for my 10 yo granddaughter and she loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Spending money on the cheaper one with ads is worth it. The ad only pops up when you first turn it on and that's it. Have not had any issues with it in the few weeks we've had it.	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter wanted this product for herself. I got this unit based on the price and size.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great easy to use tablet.... Grabbed it for my daughter and she cant get enough. Gets the job done ...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Decent screen, kinda slow response on the touch screen.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got this gift for my girlfriend daughter and she loves it good deal thanks	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great low end tablet and it is sold at an amazing price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I'd say for the price it was a decent Tablet it did what I needed it to do but the support I'd say through the App side was a bit rather weak which is the big downfall of this tablet. Amazon also does a lot of advertisements on the tablet for example the lock screen and multiple pages on your home screens which can be rather annoying and unremoveable. Otherwise I used it to watch videos, surf the web and use a few social media apps. Good for kids too both videos and games side. So I'd say in general for the price it's a decent tablet, but if you are looking to do more and have a smoother tablet you might want to pay more for something better.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchased this as a gift for my parents. It's easy for them to maneuver.	Wired Headphones
Bought this as a gift for someone but I haven't heard of any issues	Lightning Charging Cable
I love these tablets I have two, I would definitely recommend they are light weight and hold a battery for a long time, great for emails , surfing the web or just shopping im gonna buy another for sure you should by this product	Wired Headphones
My daughter loves her tablet it works really good.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Reasonable price yet love it my kids loves itttttt	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this tablet for my goddaughter and it was definitely a great buy! Kid friendly and she has all the books and games she's interested in as well.	Flatscreen TV
My daughter loves to read so we thought that a Fire would be a great option for her. She loves it. They are getting smaller as time goes on for sure but still just as durable. Great gift!	Flatscreen TV
I use this tablet to read e-booksome and watch movies. The screen quality is great. The tablet is small enough to fit in my purse.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the perfect tablet for my 3 year old son. He loves it and it is easy for him to navigate. It is also easy for me to set up parental controls and give him access to certain apps.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It's a really good tablet for kids my kids love them	iPhone
I loved my tablet, it fits in my needs. It's fast and works perfectly for me.	Wired Headphones
I use this tablet for my daughter and I could only download YouTube Kids. Wished I would have purchased the one with more storage.	Wired Headphones
This tablet is very easy to set up. It is very easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I love my 7"" Fire Kindle...it's great when I go to appointments I can play some games or just read while I wait...light weight too not lugging around a bigger Reader..."	Wired Headphones
Amazon replaced it as it had gray stripes and no picture on the screen. That one works so overall the Fire was a good purchase. Recommend a memory card, it does not hold much.	Macbook Pro Laptop
MY STUDENTS ENJOY USING THIS PRODUCT FOR LEARNING .	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is a great value. Tablets in this price range usually end up failing quickly, but this tablet has held up perfectly for almost a year now. The 8GB is somewhat small, but adding an SD card has helped with storage. The lack of Google Play is a nuisance as the app selection is more limited, but by adding Aptoide, I was able to access many of the apps that are available in the Play store, but not Amazon.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased on Black Friday Deal. 71 yr. old mom loves it and uses daily for reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great purchase for the money! I really just use it for Facebook and games.	iPhone
It is what it is. Awesome and basic! If you use Amazon and you need a small tablet, then walaaa!	Wired Headphones
Bought this for a friend. It does the job (basic web and book reading) and at an affordable price. Nothing too fancy, but no problems.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the tablet for basic use, but definitely enough for any kid	Product
Easy to use and lots of fun and very lite weight ..	Lightning Charging Cable
Really inexpensive and does everything I need it to for my boys!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My daughter was 27 and had never owned a tablet, she loved it!She uses it constantly	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet, for kids and adults. Love it, it's my backup for paying bills etc.	
Got my amazon fire table and love it. It's really easy to use .battery last long	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Perfect gift for my mom who loves to read. When the weather is bad, she can download books from the library without leaving the house!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Each of my boys have their own Kindle Fire. They love them! They're easy to use and the micro SD card slot allows you to upgrade the space to add more movies and games. They're especially nice when the wife and I want to enjoy dinner out!	Wired Headphones
Purchased two of these as gifts for Christmas. No complaints.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My mothers kindle paper finally died so I bought her this. She loves it because she can do so much more than just read books on it. Great product.	USB-C Charging Cable
Simple and easy to operate. Upgrade from another kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for kids. I love that i can monitor my kids.	27in FHD Monitor
You can convert this to a kid kindle, very durable. Quality is great for the price	ThinkPad Laptop
This tablet was purchased for my niece. It is at a great price point to do what we need...movies and games!	Wired Headphones
Friendly user systen, easy to setup, good size to put in a bag	Lightning Charging Cable
Good products I would advise every one to get one it work great and easy to install	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Overall - good quality for the cost. Ease of use; functionality is beneficial and allows for great entertainment."	Macbook Pro Laptop
Nice tablet and at a outstanding price. Still going strong..	Apple Airpods Headphones
The best gift for someone and you could download a lot of games	Apple Airpods Headphones
I previously owned the larger hd fire 8.9 kindle and loved it. I wanted a smaller tablet to fit in my purse so this was perfect. I love the color. It holds a ton of books and you can add a sd card for extra space.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have one that I love so that I purchased this to give as a gift, and the recipient loves it too!	Apple Airpods Headphones
It was a great kindle fire! It functions well as a reading device and a tablet. Plays good audio books.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet for my nephew, and he loves it! It works great, and has everything he needs for not only reading but school work and entertainment!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet fire 7 for my daughter and she really loved it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got this for 40 bucks my daughter loves it .finally I get my phone back	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great birthday gift for a 9 year old. He has enjoyed this so much.	Vareebadd Phone
bought for my 4 year old daughter. plenty of apps and battery life is solid.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for the price. If you're looking for a cheap and easy to use tablet, this is the one.	Flatscreen TV
I got a really good deal on the tablets. My kids love their tablets.	27in FHD Monitor
I really do not understand why Amazon has moved to the 6 inch format. The 7 inch format was much better and the screen size fir most aps better. Although I have relatively small hands, this one fits into my hand much better than the smaller 6 inch. A great tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for kids! Easy to monitor kids activity and set parental controls.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought 2 for our grand kids Great price and very good graphics	Wired Headphones
Great for reading books onlineI would recommend to friends	Wired Headphones
Love this tablet, have bought several for gifts because I love mine so much!	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a very nice tablet for a first time tablet owner. Reasonable price and able to expand memory with micro sd card	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire is a great device and for a great price! This new device now has a camera where as our older version did not!	Lightning Charging Cable
Like the small size and convenience. Recharges quickly and is available when my Lenovo tab needs to be charged.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this product does exactly what I expected it to do.loved it so much I bought two!	USB-C Charging Cable
its need amazon account for download any apps ............... ita really pain for me . i dont like it	Lightning Charging Cable
Is great has a kids zone on it won't let them buy unless parents ok it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
What more can i say it works great and it's cheap.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for reading. Good starter device. Would recommend to someone else	Lightning Charging Cable
Brought this item for my Mentally Challenged brother. He loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have no complaints what so ever. Great Item. recommended	iPhone
This tablet works perfect for me reading books on it. I love the option to have the blue light disabled so I can read comfortably in the dark.	LG Washing Machine
Awesome for the kids and a great price....does the same as an expensive one	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent for beginners. Or anyone that wants to start with a tablets.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's very fast and has great picture and for the price you can't beat it	USB-C Charging Cable
I wanted a reliable tablet for my 8 year old son. This one was recommended to me after another tablet had charging issues. This has functioned well since purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter preferred the ipad. The apps are a little complicated for her age she is 2.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price it is great and it is quick to search	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this just to have as a device to read my comixology account. Works perfectly for my needs!!	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet if you don't plan or want to spend a lot of money for one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Fire reminds me of a cheap older Android tablet from 5 years ago. The camera is horrible, the screen is full and I'd rather play with fire than to use the, Amazon Fire. Im returning ASAP!	Vareebadd Phone
This is a good tablet for your everyday used!!!!!!	Wired Headphones
Bought for daughter taking American Lit class that requires alot of reading. She downloaded audio form and enjoys having those stories read to her while working out.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i would recommend this to others. i think it is great for someone who is just getting into electronics.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
really good value for the price. Easy access to internet and operation.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Product works like it should, not a fan of the adds when you start up.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
bought for my kid and it works great. fast enough for movies	iPhone
Bought the tablet for my son and he loves it. very affordable and worth the money.	iPhone
I purchased this tablet for my grandfather to use. He likes to play casino games and read! This works great for it. He is even learning to use the camera!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this tablet for a 6-year old. It has all the bells & whistles of the more expensive Kindles, but I don't get upset if it gets lost or broken.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a very good tablet for a first time user or a young child. The software is easy to use and the camera works great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this to replace the Ereader I had. It has done that and so much more.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for my 6 year old son he loves it was an easy set up. and for my son being 6 he knows how to work it very well. great from kids.	27in FHD Monitor
Very happy with this product. Way more than I expected and you couldn't beat the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I originally bought this because of frustration in using my IPad for several websites. So I decided to try the Fire tablet. Well it did get me to the websites that IOS on my IPad didn't. But I started to investigate it more thoroughly. I checked the manual and started to have more fun. The camera works great , and the apps are great! This was to be a secondary purchase but I am using it more and more.	20in Monitor
I really like the tablet. It is very easy to work and the graphics are very good.	Wired Headphones
Amazons fire tab is amazing entry level tab. just go for it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I did the preview about this tablet before I buy it. It is a good tablet for the price and it's not too heavy	27in FHD Monitor
Not many apps I'd use. Not as useful as I'd hoped.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my mom. Surprisingly very capable and fast. Quad processor for the price? Unbelievable. User friendly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great take along and travel size. It exactly fits my needs.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I like every thing about the tablet size , color, takes good picture's	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased to have portable Alexa. Nice tablet for the money and recommend it.	20in Monitor
I bought three for my each of my grandchildren. They are 2,5,and 7. The 2 year old loves watching Elmo on the tablet and it's not too loud and the picture is very clear and colorful and she knows how to push the icons on the screen herself, the 5 and 7 year old plays car racing games as well as reading and math games. It has parental settings on the tablet so that I can assure that's it content is kid friendly. They love it.	iPhone
We were looking for an affordable, quality tablet - and this did the trick! We are Fire fans!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice little tablet for reading, Netflix takes a while to load if you want to watch it on it	USB-C Charging Cable
"I absolutely love my Kindle fire! I'm able to do everything on it; read, watch videos, play games, listen to music, shop, etc."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I only use tablet for downloading books to read. Great for that, although sometimes loses place.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Like these tablets they were gifts. I bought it for someone in another country	Lightning Charging Cable
We've purchased quite a few of these for our children and nephews and nieces. Works well has reading and games	Lightning Charging Cable
"Don't let the summary fool you; the reason this is the third one is because of the quality! I've bought one for myself, one for my son-in-law, and I bought this as a replacement for my mother, who uses it to read books in her tiny apartment. The Kindle Fire is extremely user-friendly, and I'd recommend it to anyone wanting an inexpensive but reliable tablet."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is agood tablet for beginner kids and great for the price	iPhone
Great Tablet for the Price. It was on sale for $39. I was surprised by its quickness.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet serves its purpose as my primary reader and mini computer on the go. Size is good, picture is clear, and the volume isn't bad for media either. Thumbs up	Flatscreen TV
Bought this to use in the kitchen for just recipes and pinterest but have wound up using it for a regular tablet! Fast loading and easy to use. Since I already have an Amazon account I now have free Alexa and so many other benefits	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this mostly to read the Walking Dead comics on and a book here and there. It works great for that. A slightly bigger screen would be better for the comics, but bigger screens don't come for under $50. I can't speak to quality of video streaming or anything, but it performs well for reading.	Google Phone
Great device to entertain the children while traveling	USB-C Charging Cable
Gets the job done nicely. It's as convenient as using a cell phone, but just a larger screen. Great for reading e books and catching up with shows on line.	Wired Headphones
Very slow to connect to internet even with a good connection and wifi set up that worked for other electronics.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased 2 of these to gift to my granddaughters, and they absolutely love them. It's just the right size for them to comfortable hold.	iPhone
This is a smart buy! Wonderful for reading and watching movies. Perfect if you have Amazon Prime!	Apple Airpods Headphones
The device has several interesting applications for reading as well as completing necessary tasks for enhanced media.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We already own one of these. Purchased another for my mom. We all love it. Connects easily to the Echo and all other apps we normally use.	Wired Headphones
Kindle is awesome. Operates similar to iPad only much much cheaper.	Flatscreen TV
Great for watching movies when traveling. Perfect for watching on an airplane.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for my children (ages 2 to 10) and they all love it and use it with ease.	LG Dryer
Was bought for my 8 yr old who loves it to pieces!	20in Monitor
As one would expect, this is fine for what it is. A $50 tablet. Better than other $50 tablets on the market. Quicker and more stable. If you're looking for a tablet for a child or for basic surfing and YouTube clip watching it's fine. Apps are limited compared to the google play store.	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet was plugged in all night and did not charge.No powerWhite elephant	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am Giving this tablet away to someone birthday sup.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It works great as advertised. I bought a Micro SD card upgrade and that works too.	Flatscreen TV
Had to replace my sons lenovo android tablet and at the same time renew the warranty. Had a few options of brands to choose for the replacement. Lots of family suggested the Amazon even the best buy staff said it was the better choice not to mention the cheapest of the four brands to pick from. Well set up was a disaster. I wasn't aware that this tablet let's you put up to four names under one Amazon account, until after the initial account member name was completed. So now my 7 yr old has an Amazon account. Also didnt lime that i had to put in credit info for set up. And then had to go into settings to put a parental block on in-app purchases. Too many ad pop ups and thats just while it is turning on. In not happy with this tablet . It automatically backs up photos and stuff to an iCloud. I don't know what that is , how to access it, nor is there an icon on the screen for it. Also lots of unnecessary pages and icons all over the screen that can't be changed. My other sons tablet is in need of replacement and warranty renewal. I will not be replacing his with this product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very nice....some of the apps were hard to open at first...but had to play around with....love it now! Would definitely buy more again.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
At this low price compared to competitors, it's a convenient solution for a variety of applications. I keep it in the living room as a controller, having loaded the Harmony app to control activities and devices via the Harmony hub.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Really enjoying using my Amazon Fire very easy to use so many different features and apps the graphics and the color on this tablet are so vivid and alive I bought this tablet on sale not really knowing nothing about Amazon Fire but I'm glad that I did!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Overall satisfying tablet. My wife loves it and uses it almost every day! Would recommend getting a case and screen protector.	Wired Headphones
I really love the kindle. Great for the price. And u can add a memory card for more storage.	Lightning Charging Cable
Its good for going on the internet and doing minor things. Some of the pictures on the internet have been enlarged to look out of focus.	Flatscreen TV
The Amazon fire tablet has alot of features im very pleased with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Fire I purchased at Best Buy is awesome for people to read books online and search the web. It is one of a kind!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"I hadn't bought an ""updated"" Kindle in quite a few years, so as the battery on my old one wasn't holding a charge very long, and searching or downloading anything became a half-day event, I felt it was time. So, off I went and purchased the latest 7"" screen Kindle Fire, and holey moley what difference. This new one is incredibly fast, has a beautiful picture, amazing capacity (plus a SD slot for expansion), and a two-way camera to boot! I'm still learning all the new bells and whistles, but so far this has been great and looks like the beginning of a beautiful relationship!"	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for my 5 year old, but battery only lasts 7 hours if it's not being used!	Lightning Charging Cable
Love my Amazon Fire tablet because it's not too small and not too big. It's just the right size. It's light weight and the resolution is very good. I recommend it highly.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The product is relatively inexpensive but the performance could be better.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's very nice tablet my kids love it and i am very happy	Vareebadd Phone
Recommended by staff member when I asked for help. Love the size and ease of use. Just what I was looking for.	Lightning Charging Cable
the internet server SILK is not compatible with free wifi on southwest airlines and I bought it to use on the plane. also I cannot hear the audio even with the sound all the way up on the plane. so I don't really need it since I have a computer , iPhone and kindle at home.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this for my grandmother and she can't put it down	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this product it very great for my son. My son educational apps on here	Google Phone
I like the size! The screen is perfect for my online reading textbooks for school!	USB-C Charging Cable
Got one for my kids and they love it! It was super easy to set what apps they could have access to and stream prime shows. Not a huge fan of the Amazon app store compared to my android phone.	LG Dryer
This tablet is your best deal for the money. Since it uses an adaptation of Andriod made by Amazon, it is technically possible to install Google Play app store without routing the device, if you read a bit online, making this tablet probably your best buy if your budget is tight. Absolutely recommended.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love Kindle! Thanks for creating this gem! Granddaughter loves it	iPhone
This is a great tablet with all the access you need. It has a decent resolution and can be used to play games, connect on social media, listen to music and watch movies.	Flatscreen TV
I got these for my kids Christmas present and there perfect for them. They download their games on to them and play during road trips and also download learning apps from school so they can stay ahead.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very versatile and can be great for kids & adults.	Wired Headphones
Pros: Light, easy to set-up if you have an Amazon account, parental control, good use for little ones, excellent camera qualityCons: Touchscreen can be sensitive at times	Google Phone
Got this around black friday, for a great price, Been happy with it and will be buying my son one as well.	Wired Headphones
Tablet has been everything I expected it to be. Much better then the previous tablet I had.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good tablet to share with a child as two accounts can be set up on the device and content can be controlled easily.	USB-C Charging Cable
They make a great child proof cover and the battery life is descent so far	Flatscreen TV
My grandson had an older Kendall and I bought him a new were one and he loves it and it's a wonderful device	Apple Airpods Headphones
bought this tablet for a first time user the price was right the quality was good	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is great especially for a child. Granddaughter is responsible but accidents do happen so I didn't want to buy her an iPad till I saw how she did with this. After playing with her fire and being able to download so many free games, she informed me that she does not need an iPad. Needless to say she is very happy and so am I. I like that I could buy the smaller gb one since you can add an sd card to it, to increase the storage. This is really a great purchase.	Flatscreen TV
One of the worst purchases or investments you could make for technology.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Kindle fire is excellent device I personally have one as do all of my children at this point	Apple Airpods Headphones
My Grandchildren Love Their Tablets! They really really enjoy watching movies & playing games on their tablets.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very good tablet for this price.Its very handy.......	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Although a cheap tablet with amazon functionality it's a very slow one.	Google Phone
I love my Amazon Kindle Fire. It's so user friendly and the clairity of the screen is awesome	USB-C Charging Cable
My niece loves her kindle tablet. She uses it all the time.	27in FHD Monitor
Easy to navigate & get acquainted with. Charges fast, holds charge! Very pleased	27in FHD Monitor
I've been back and forth about what Kindle to purchase next. I'm so glad I chose the Fire 7.	20in Monitor
Good for the kids and it works for playing games and reading. Exactly what I needed it for. Very happy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my little daughter and so far it's holding up good.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet as a gift for my 8 year old daughter. She loves it and it's easy for her to use. We downloaded multiple games on it for her.	Google Phone
purchased for my daughter to read and she loves it.	Wired Headphones
I got this item as a gift for a coworker and she really seemed to like it. The price is very fair compared to other tablets.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Can't complain for the price of it on sale it does what it should at the speed that is appropriate,	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my nephew for an upgrade and he enjoyed it more.	Google Phone
Great tablet for kids and beginners, I would recommend for anyone looking for an easy to use tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
Got this tablet as a gift for my mom, who is 72 and is a little not used to high technology, so she uses this tablet mostly for Facebook and reading an e-book. Works fine, but if you are an user that likes high resolution screen, plenty of storage and fast processor, this is not your choice.Good streaming can be done though.	Lightning Charging Cable
Best tablet out ther for the price, expandability and speed	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My wife likes it. She reads a lot so she uses it all the time. Also likes to go online with it.	Google Phone
This is great little tablet that is very user friendly and lightweight!	Wired Headphones
I bought two of these for my two grandchildren, ages 8 and 10. They love them. They are able to read books and play games on them. They were a great Christmas gift. So much so, that I bought a third one for my son-in-law and he is thrilled with it. The small price made it great for gift giving.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves it stays on it all day wish the battery would last longer	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have yet to use it as I do not know how. I need help!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Three of my children have 1 of these tablets each and really love it. Don't like that it doesn't have google chrome or PLAY store but a solid tablet for a great price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
store sales person was very helpful. price is always the bottom line.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It a great gadgets for the kids to stay busy reading and playing or even watching their shows	Wired Headphones
Great tablet I purchased 4 for my nephews!!!!!!!!!	Flatscreen TV
I purchased this as a gift but was told by the person that I gave it to that they loved it!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great product works really well for the money, !!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Awesome Tablet for reading books. Very easy to use. Great value for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have purchased 5 in the last few months and have been pleased with the products	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
We bought this tablet for my four year old nephew and it works great! We love how it can be set up for different users!	Macbook Pro Laptop
The best e-reader to use and handle. This is my 2nd one and will get another one in the future. Recommend this e-reader	Google Phone
bought this for my 3 year old to watch youtube and movies. it does the trick.. sometimes runs a little slow.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I brought the tablet for my 9 year old son it's great for the kids can play lots of games download apps get on you tube ect but I don't like the fact every now and then it makes this weird sound and the screen blanks out and I have to turn the tablet off in order for it to work again.	Wired Headphones
Truly enjoyed it, meets customer needs great for games, reading and day to day usage	Apple Airpods Headphones
Is a good table for kids to play with to watch videos and play some games with	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought for my 8 yr old. They absolutely love it. Clear display and durable	27in FHD Monitor
Wanted to upgrade my Kindle and this one is perfect.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good Amazon product , good camera and amazing apps	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet for my child for Christmas and he absolutely loves it. He has also dropped it a few times and it hasn't cracked or anything.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This Fire tablet is great -- does all I want it to Only down side, the battery only lasts a few hours and has to be recharged often. I like to read -- sometimes, while reading, have to stop and recharge. Otherwise, I love it!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my 7 year old daughter. Great first tablet for a child.	Wired Headphones
Bought one for my mom a few months ago so she could have a bigger screen than her phone . Didn't want to spend too much since they are not big on any kind of electronic. Does the job. Good price for this product. Bought a second one for my dad. Only downfall is I couldn't remove all the pre installed apps on their home screen . Besides that, pretty happy with this tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet on a discounted price as an alternative for RC tablet. The operating system is not good, very slow response, apps takes a lot of time to open. Many of the apps like youtube is not made for fire OS, so my little one has a difficult time handling it. After 2 months, I got him RC tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son had the original kindle fire. It was great! Simple to use. It finally bit the dust. I bought a new one. They made it way to complicated. It is going back. The power button won't turn off. The notification box won't stay off the screen & the apps wont run. They just keep loading.	Vareebadd Phone
Great tablet for the money, especially after you put the Google Play store app on it(see xda forums for instructions on how)	USB-C Charging Cable
Gave this as a gift and they have thanked me numerous times for it! I've had one for many years and it's still working with no problems!	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the money, this is a very good tablet. I bought this as a gift for my dad. He loves it, and he uses it everyday.	iPhone
I am extremely happy with this purchase. It is everything I expected and more. Great price for a beginner tablet.	iPhone
My son loves this, uses it for internet access and listening to music.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought the tablet for my son and it works great love shopping at best buy for all of my electronic needs	Google Phone
This is my second kindle & its lighter than the 1st, & nice to read my books on	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet with an even better price. Very affordable, sleek and has camera.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to navigate, relatively durable, sweet little tablet!	Lightning Charging Cable
Good phone but my return visit the customer service was horrific	Lightning Charging Cable
"Bought this tablet for price and for a little kid using it so I wasn't expecting it to be a flag ship device but this really isn't the best. The amazon version of android really ruins things.. you can't get the same apps that you would get from the Android Play Store. Many apps on this Amazon app store are just not the same and the apps you do get are mainly made by others- for ex- Youtube, someone basically made the website into an ""app"" but its $50 so its whatever"	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this has a gift for my kids. They love their Amazon Fires. A few down sides with the internal memory and speakers. Pretty weak in these areas. The memory and speakers definitely could use some upgrading. Fortunately the device has a slot for memory cards and we can connect to a Bluetooth speaker. To get the maximum use of the device you need Amazon Prime. Compared to Netflix, Prime is very competitive.	iPhone
the kids love it they learn something every day i'm happy i bought it	Flatscreen TV
My eight year old granddaughter loves it. Did research and the best deal was at best buy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought for my nephew who is 11 years old. He is very happy.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got it as a Christmas gift for my Grandpa works a lot better than his computer so he can email	20in Monitor
I did not use more than internet, for that works perfect	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It was an affordable gift for my son and he enjoys it and finds it helps him in school.	20in Monitor
It is a good tablet to have. The books are good...	Wired Headphones
"I purchased this after trying the Insignia 8"" tablet which unfortunately had a charging problem. The graphics on this tablet are OK, though the contrast is not as good as the Insignia's or other more expensive tabs.Integration with Amazon for reading is excellent. Tablet is responsive and speedy. Construction is sturdy and heavier than the Insignia. The Silk browser runs well for all the sites I visit."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet, and use it as an eReader mainly. I love how this is capable of reading my books to me (if they're compatible). My favorite feature for sure! Thay way I can listen while I'm cleaning the house and my kids love to listen to them too. It bluetooths to a bigger speaker without a problem. Tactically the screen is so nice, i love the feel. The Internet browser is a but clunky, so if thats your main desire.. This may not be the best. I feel it does well for my needs. I have found most apps to suit my needs on the amazon app store.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love my tablet was going to by laptop but bought this instead cause this is cheaper	Lightning Charging Cable
great value as a beginner's tablet for a young person.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the product and its easy to use would love to recommend it to friends	Vareebadd Phone
Bought this for my elderly aunt. Was able to customize it so that it would be very simple to use for games. Amazon customer service is amazing.	ThinkPad Laptop
Got this as a gift for my girlfriend who has Amazon Prime and loves binge watching Netflix. It's an affordable and decent quality Netflix machine.	USB-C Charging Cable
It hasnt given me any problems much better than the last one i purchased love amazon	AA Batteries (4-pack)
for something so small it has enough processing power to do what it needs to for a travel reader. graphics are also decent for the size.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great starter tablets. Got these for my grandsons. They love them	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for mom loves it dependable and tough enough..dropped 2 times and not a scratch great item	AA Batteries (4-pack)
When I first got it was great until it stopped charging and wouldn't turn back on	20in Monitor
My son liked it its a great tablet for kids. I recommend it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet for children - Works well as a gift for the price	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought 3 for my grandchildren and they love their tablets	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for our 6 year old to use instead of spending the big bucks on an Ipad. It has pretty much all the same apps and it is easy for him to navigate around. Parental controls prevent him from downloading anything above his age level.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this Kindle Fire for my daughter for Christmas, and she has completely enjoyed it. Build quality seems good, and I have been impressed with how Amazon has increased the functionality of its basic Kindle Fire over the iterations of this product (I also own a first generation Fire). It remains a very viable product and a joy to use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
good for the 7 year old grandson to use easy parental controls	USB-C Charging Cable
I didn't review prior to purchase because I already have one	USB-C Charging Cable
I brought 3 of them. 2 were gifts. We love them. Awesome price.	LG Dryer
Bought for my 8 year Old Granddaughter. She loved it	27in FHD Monitor
Even with onky 8 gb it's pretty quick. Only issue is downloading the free webroot... its not compatible	34in Ultrawide Monitor
At $50 it's worth getting if you have Prime or just use Amazon a lot. At $40 (on sale right now) it's a bargain. There's only one thing about it that's somewhat of a drawback: not very good battery life. But keep it in an area with a strong wi-fi signal and use Airplane Mode when you don't need wi-fi, and you'll only have to charge it every night. Seriously--every night.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my sister as a birthday gift and she loves it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Very nice tablet for the price and great for kids.	Wired Headphones
This tablet is great. Not the best, but it was only$35!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tab is awesome. Easy to handle and carry anywhere because of its size. The price also very reasonable.	USB-C Charging Cable
Mom really love it for Christmas. Easy for her to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great. Works great for the kids to do their online homework.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought 2 of these on Black Friday and these have to be one of the worst buys of my life!!!! The screen saver can't be changed so my kids are forced to look at ads every time they want to use their tablet. Apps are ok and to be honest I could have dealt with the ads but the final deal breaker for me is the sd card. I bought my kids sd cards so they can have more than 4 games and the tablet doesn't read it or something. It says sd card inserted but it won't download apps to the sd card!	27in FHD Monitor
Bought for my nephew. He didn't know how to operate it. It is a little tricky. Would not recommend for a child	Macbook Pro Laptop
Kids absolutely loved this gift for christmas!!!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Well, a good table for under $50 it's not bad. I ended getting the Toshiba 4k tv with built-in Chromecast so I need an inexpensive table so I wouldn't use my phone. Turns out that the tablet does have Play Store so i was unable to download Google Home. This tablet would be great for kids for a started tablet. you can also control how much time kids can spend on it. unfortunately it wasn't for since it didn't work for what i need.	LG Dryer
Great for ppl that use Amazon and Amazon products. The price was great to.	Lightning Charging Cable
A great E-reader that doubles as a tablet. This model even has an expandabel memory slot. Great price I bought 2 for gifts	iPhone
Got two for my kids for Christmas they have been great so far they hold a charge and there not slow. I bought two off brand tablets last year of lesser quality and they didn't last very long, These have been worth every penny. The only negative is that you will have to eventually expand the memory	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great. Love the size and light weight. Love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good tablet for what you pay for it. You can read books,play games and surf the web. The only thing I would have done differently is I would have bought one with more storage!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my younger children to do learning games. My last one purchased was for a 4 year old and she loves it. Very durable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like best by becouse they are aforedabul and cuvenet and easy to get to.	Wired Headphones
Love the kindle. Great for the price. I brought 3 of them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my son for Christmas and its perfect. My son gets to play his games with easy access to Amazon prime content.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We have several tablets and iPads in the house and this is one of my favorites	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Picked this up on the black Friday ad. $13 and it's one of the best readers I have in the house. I've got nook, iPad and Android devices which don't operate as good as this reader. But it only serves that purpose in my house.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Gave this as a gift. The receiver loved it and uses it all the time. I personally have an older Kindle, and I was jealous of the updates and find it to be much more like a tablet than the older Kindle Fires.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased tablet for 4 year old twin grandchildren. Also purchased the protective cover. Absolutely love it.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this for my wife after she started having headaches from doing Facebook and email on her iPhone. The larger screen makes it easier for her to use for an extended period of time.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought two for grandkids and one for mother-in-law and both are happy with the product	Apple Airpods Headphones
They have come a long way since I purchased the first kindle Fire. It's a worthy successor and a very good tablet for the budget conscience person.	Flatscreen TV
Readers are going to like this tablet that includes the kindle feature, it has basic tools like camera(not very good), calculator, calendar, and the amazon appstore. I didnt like that it doesnt include the google appstore, cause the amazon appstore doesnt have some of the apps I use the most on my cellphone. It is good for the price anyways...	27in FHD Monitor
The tablet is good and great for younger kids free download	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to use and understand. It's a great purchase.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this tablet so I wouldn't have to carry my laptop when traveling. Didn't think I'd use it at home but I find all sorts of thing to use it for there too. Sure my phone does some of those things but the bigger screen is easier.I also didn't think I'd use it as a reader but I slowly got hooked. For $40 it's a real bargain.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a good tablet for kids wish it would be a little better with games	ThinkPad Laptop
My son loved it he was so happy when he opened it up	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great to replace internet 5 day weather forecaster that stopped working. Nice looking display & easy to use. Price was great !	Google Phone
I was looking for something within reasoning and saw the ad for these. I purchased them for my two oldest grand-babies and they loved them. I not only enjoy the price that I paid for them, but I can honestly say that my grand-babies are to this day still enjoying them.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is what we were looking for. Works great. It connects easily.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my 9 year old. It perfect for playing not to heavy games and for reading. The only down side is that not apps are available in the amazon App Store. Others than that not bad at all. Also side loading the no available apps don't work all the time. If your looking for something to surf the net and watch movies on, then this little table is perfect for you.	
Enjoy all the features of the tablets from gaming to pictures. Battery life is good as well	Lightning Charging Cable
Very good value for the money. The kids love them! Easy to set up and use.	Flatscreen TV
Easy to use and put kpdi on it now I can watch movies whenever	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is very kid friendly. It's easy for my daughter to operate.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's a good little tablet. Not the fastest thing but good enough for 40 bucks can't complain.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love it. Gave this one as a gift for my mom. She's having a time with it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good for me put it in my purse or use it in bed love it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's great for streaming my shows and playing my games like candy crush	iPhone
Got this tablet during the Holidays while on sale. Take it to work not so worried about it being stolen. And screen is tuff as heck.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for adopted family for Christmas they were happy	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Needed somthing for sister who is always on the go, easily fits in her purse and she loves it.	iPhone
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it for it's games and learning apps. As for navigating the app store it is not as easy as apple or android. But you get use to it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great if you don't care about the playstore for android it works fine to me	Flatscreen TV
Didn't spend a whole lot of cash on this, bought it as a gift for a child for Christmas. Has all the functionality that most other tablets have. Screen might not be as nice but for the money you can't really complain	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the kindle fire.This is the eighth in my family	Apple Airpods Headphones
I wanted to get my 12 month old a tablet to start with and this was a good pick.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire Tablets for my god-children for Christmas and they love them. The tablets go where ever they go! They play games on them, as well as play educational games to learn different skills needed for school.I love that Amazon made the Fire tablet kids proof and the screen isn't so fragile.	ThinkPad Laptop
It's no iPad but you can't beat the price. Makes a nice gift.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was a inexpensive replacement for a device that was damaged by my kids. Would continue to purchase if needed. Great for kids 5-6 years old.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Tablet is ok I just prefere Android products. I dont Like the fire just being tied to Amazon accounts and loaded with all their exclusive content. But its a cheap quality tablet	Wired Headphones
This is the second Amazon fire 7 tablet I've purchased. I haven't seen anything that compares to it for the price	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like this tablet very much. Good for kids to use and cost is low. Quality of touch screen is excellent. My kid can watch youtube cartoons, play games perfectly.	Macbook Pro Laptop
the Amazon Fire tablet is great for our daughter, has actually started reading more	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it for a friend on christmas she love it. Very easy to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
I gave this as a gift to another and got it back. I use it for fb and web, also, reading and Alexa. Can't be read in the sun.	Google Phone
Functional for what I need. Compact so travels well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Being a dedicated Apple user (with an iPhone, iPad mini, and MacBook Air), I didn't except to buy an android or Fire (which uses an OS very built on Android) tablet. But with this Fire tablet being sold for just $40 during the holidays, and some of the Google apps (I was most interested in Play Music) offering different functionality on Android/Fire tablets than on iOS devices, I thought I'd give it a try. After using it for 6 weeks, I can say the Fire is easily worth more than $40. It looks great, works well, and is light and easy to handle. The downsides are that the OS seems a little slower than iOS on my iPad, and the wireless router doesn't seem to be as powerful.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I use it for reading and I love it! I could take it anywhere.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This item was for the kids for Christmas. The Amazon FreeTime feature with multiple child user profiles is a great way to help balance learning and productive time with their fun time.	Lightning Charging Cable
My God Daughter loves it it's just next time I should also get a screen protector for it because a few weeks later it has a small crack in it	Google Phone
Much better than I expected for such a great price.	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife has enjoyed this tablet a lot. She plays a lot of card games and looks up recipe.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's a really great tablet for Ebook exploring great	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great price for a tablet.Bought this for my father	Lightning Charging Cable
This one was for my baby, and she is happy as a kid with a new toy. I have my own tab so not familiar with fire yet. But was a good deal.	Wired Headphones
This is the 2nd one we have purchased for our kids. They love them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet for the price. My son liked it. Was easy to use	Wired Headphones
My niece love her tablet can beat the price only 39.99	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for a family member and they love it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
bought this one for my son in law. He was using his phone for internet. Now he is able to get on the internet a lot easier.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this item for my nephew and he loves it. It's small and works great. So far we have had no issues and the memory space is great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for a toddler. Easy to use ! Easy to turn on & off.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Loved the gift my daughter can't put it down kid friendly	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this device for my dad. It is fairly simple for games and internet use.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the perfect gift for Grandkids especially to get them interested in reading.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its bigger than a phone but smaller than an Ipad. I like it alot though and it does what I want it too.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We purchased this for our 10 yr old son with Aspergers. He was immediately able to understand and navigate the Amazon Fire. Thank you.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very compact and functional. I especially like the screen color choices in the Kindle Reader.	Wired Headphones
The kindle fire is a nice little tablet its great for reading and watching netflix	iPhone
I got 4 for our boys 15 , 13, 10 & 5 Love that I can create profiles for them an manage their content	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Grandson loves his tablet can't put it down play's games,watches his videos.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Everything was great. The actual item is holding up to our little ones expectations as well as mine ! This is definitely something that we would encourage everyone else to purchase as well. It's pretty fast and simple!	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this. wish I brought a bigger screen one....	Lightning Charging Cable
"For what this is, it's great. My 13 year old loves it. You'll definitely need to get an sd card for additional storage; but for the price, it's so worth it! Would be much happier with her breaking this than an expensive tablet!"	27in FHD Monitor
My children like to read and they wanted something they could have books on. This tablet allows for games as well without having the need to spend hundreds. It does the job for highschool.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was looking for a cheap tablet and i just love it is like having a a $200 tablet it works the same.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased the item for $33 and was shocked when I began using it that the battery lasted 10 hours with moderate use, came with 6 months of free newspaper subscription and was preloaded with a lot of features. Its not the fastest in the world and I would prefer more storage, but for the price and considering how well it works I'm giving it 4 stars.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
first fire is great, purchased a second as a gift and its perfect.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is easy to use and got of fun and popular apps. It is also quite good to use on the go and good camera.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my 4th Kindle Fire. When we go on road trips each of the kids in the back of van are occupied watching movies, playing games or reading books on the Kindle.	Vareebadd Phone
It was for my 3 year old she loves it!! She was able to work it very easily!!	USB-C Charging Cable
for the money nice tablet perfect fo my seven year old granddaughter	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great little tablet and I love the fact you can add more storage to it. So awesome and the battery life is fantastic. I recommend this to anyone. More affordable than an iPad and sturdier too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for kids and easy to use. Great for everyone	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am enjoying this refrigerator, so far we have no problems with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this tablet! Perfect size, great graphics and speed. Purchased this on sale during the holidays - great value!	Lightning Charging Cable
great tablet for not a lot of money. would recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's good for lil kids n small stuff . Doesn't look very fast	Flatscreen TV
"The tablet is good for a 12 year old, i got it for my niece for Christmas and it will do what she wants,which is to play games and read books. Amazon is a little annoying because she had a hard time downloading some of the movies, because it wasn't ""compatible"", which is dumb since its their tablet and their site she was getting them from."	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a great little tablet. It is wonderful for reading, Going online and using apps. The only reason I gave it four stars was because there are a few apps that my family enjoy using that cannot be downloaded onto this tablet. Other then that you're definitely getting the most bang for your buck. The price just cannot be beat.	Wired Headphones
Gave it as a gift, and they loved it. It's perfect for anyone	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet has all I need to enjoy using it. I bought it for the low price otherwise I may have waited to buy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is able to do everything other tablets do. It has expandable memory and you are able to download apps from the play market.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my daughter, she loves it. Inexpensive, works great and she has a lot of fun with it	ThinkPad Laptop
extremely inexpensive! Was shocked at the price. I thought there must be a catch like I have to buy a membership for it to work. I was wrong. Downloaded 40 apps the 1st day and started using it right away. Its perfect for my 5 year old son to play with. Durable and won't scratch.	Wired Headphones
I bought three of these devices for my niece and nephews and my parents both have one and absolutely love them, so I decided to get one myself. This was my first personal foray into an Android based device being a tried and true iOS devotee, with a Mac and iPad. I will say that for this price point and for what it was designed to do, the Fire tablet is great. The OS and processor make it a bit clunky and it's definitely not designed for high level graphics or photo editing, but for basic activities, it works great. I particularly like the easy to use and transport size. I still prefer to read on my kindle but I do read on here as well. If you are looking for a basic tablet to use for movies, music, reading and other media driven activities (ideal for Amazon Prime members), this is perfect.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
this tablet is the perfect size and very light weight. It is easy to set up and does everything I need it to do. Having a camera is useful too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my son. He absolutely loves it. His purchase was mainly based on his friends having this model and being very pleased with it. He is very pleased with it.	Wired Headphones
I basically use it to read news articles and stories online. It works well for what I use it for.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have owned Kindle's for many years and have always been very happy with their portability, performance and ease of use. The highly expandable memory is what lead me to purchase this Kindle for my son. There are only two areas that I am very disappointed: the first, in the parental control settings, in order to ensure that my son cannot make endless one-touch purchases (and I mean one-easy little touch) I must set the controls either off or on. The problem with this is that he then has no internet access, or extremely limited access, so limited that he cannot access content I normally allow him to access...big problem. Now Amazon is pretty good about refunding unintended app purchases, there is a cancel button, but then you must wait days or more for the refund to be credited. This is an issue that I am getting more frustrated with as we move through time with this purchase. The second issue, Amazon's Kindle app store is weak. If you can find some of the apps that you are searching for they may not be entirely supported by the device, such as Facebook....a major app and a major downfall to Kindle use. Because of this last issue both my son and I have Apple devices to supplement what we cannot do on our Kindle. All this being said however, My son and I both very much enjoy what the Kindle's do have to offer, so they get a GOOD rating because of this....however because of the issues I discussed it was difficult to choose between an AVERAGE and GOOD rating.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a very nice small and an inexpensive tablet.	iPhone
got this for my mom and she loves it. easy to work	Lightning Charging Cable
If you want a low budget tablet. This is the one. Don't be scared.	20in Monitor
I bought three of these tablets for my grandkids for Christmas. My wife had 0ne and she rally loved it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Didn't know that Amazon had control over everything. Should have bought any other tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
The ads aren't as annoying as you think they would be. Pretty lightweight and good battery life. Good for casual use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Excellent product. Easy to use. Mostly used for reading and utilizing aps	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice, & easy to obtain. My nephew loves it, he has yet to break it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Its the best and affordable tab for every one and super cool	Apple Airpods Headphones
purchased as a gift for my mom and she loves it. great starter tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
gets the jib done. makes for a good tablet for the kids to play on	USB-C Charging Cable
It was good. I like it. Easy and simple to use. Better than apple ipad	Lightning Charging Cable
I honestly didn't care for it. The newest versions of this tablet are by far much better. You have a bit more freedom with it than you do the older version.	Wired Headphones
A very nice and very helpful tablet. I always bring it with me And it helps a lot with my art career	Apple Airpods Headphones
I would recommend it..very durable and long lasting!	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice tablet... the only downsize I see is you don't have the play store... so apps are limited	Lightning Charging Cable
Good quality tablet that handles all your needs from young to old	Lightning Charging Cable
Young readers don't have to keep up with a book. The tablet is good for young readers	Wired Headphones
Very nice improvements from earlier models. Resolutions better and greatly reduced sun glare. Certainly worth the investment.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I wasn't sure how the tablet would work out but getting this tablet was a great idea. And the price was awesome!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am pleased with my purchase. I use it daily. Ive downloaded several books. It has good picture quality and excellent sound.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
They loved it and are always talking about their gift .	Wired Headphones
This is my second fire reader. I like how compact it is and also that can add sim card which I have. Only negative is I wish the battery life was a little better.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet has everything you need to get you by. The quality is great and for the prize I can't complain.	Vareebadd Phone
instead of spending a lot of money on a iPad for my kid, i bought this great alternative option. price is great! works great too!	Lightning Charging Cable
Replacement for earlier version of kindle fire. Extremely affordable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
THIS TABLET SERVE THE PURPOSE ITS PURCHASE FOR, MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT AND HELPS HER GREATLY WITH HER PLAY TIME	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle is great, perfect size. Easy to navigate. I even purchased two more for family	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not only can you read books, you can do everything on it such as play games, order from Amazon login to Facebook and so much more!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet works as intended. For $30 you couldn't go wrong with this purchase, Its fast and allows for additional storage via micro sd card. Great for the kids.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this product as a gift for my son. He really likes it a lot.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Works for what hubby wanted it for. Will recommend.	iPhone
Bought this primarily to use as an e-reader. Got it on Cyber Monday so it was a pretty good deal. I live in the Google ecosystem so I loaded it with the google apps after buying it. I pretty much ignore all the amazon stuff. If I want to use the internet I either use wi-fi or access it via using my phone as a hotspot. It is a decent size for reading, although I think I would have been better off with 16 gigs instead of 8 for storage. I have installed a 32gb micro sd card for extra storage.	Wired Headphones
This product is real bad from amazon. Although i dont expect much from a cheap tablet however this was even below my expectations. Its way slow to respond to anything or everything. My 3 year old goes after my ipad when i give him this....wont recommend to anyone.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I really enjoy my tablet. It does everything that I was looking for in a tablet. Easy to use and small.	27in FHD Monitor
"Great device to use when you want to work on small things that doesn;t require a computer. It's portable and is capable of streaming with out problem. Battery life seems to go quickly, but real quick to recharge"	Apple Airpods Headphones
Is a great first tablet for a beginner or children	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet is perfect and works flawless. I wish i got another one	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased these for my grand kids for Christmas to watch kid shows on and these were a great price for what I wanted.	ThinkPad Laptop
"The one purchased at Best Buy had black and gray lines appearing across the screen when powering up. It got worse, to occurring while using it. Amazon was contacted via Chat and determined something was wrong, and exchanged it. The replacement from Amazon is working, so for this I will mark, ""Yes"" to recommend it."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Everything you need in a tablet !! Fast shipping, thank you.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my son. Love it! I get email notifications for every download so it's super easy to make sure he doesn't downloads ad anything inappropriate. Great little tablet	Vareebadd Phone
Within the low price range, this tablet is excellent for watching TV, movies or reading a book. PROS: very sharp display, fast screen response, fair speaker, low price.CONS: need adding memory in form of micro-sd cards and becoming an Amazon Prime member to make this tablet worthwhile.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Between my wife and I we have three apple I-pads. I purchased the fire tablet for myself and one for my daughter. It is an entertainment device. You can serf, email, watch movies on line and it makes an awesome remote for my Fire TV. It really pays off if you are an Amazon prime member. It has a version of the Amazon echo- but not quite as the echo or echo dot. I love the fact that you can add a micro sd card to greatly enhance the storage. Perhaps they can teach this process to apple. After using this I have to admit that I have purchased my last IPad.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good product at low price... and very good image resolution	USB-C Charging Cable
Great inexpensive option for kids for continually break electronics.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a great simple tablet. Easy to use anyone can use it it.	iPhone
Was not planning on buying this, but the price pulled me in. Glad I picked it up.	iPhone
Love this tablet. I got it for my niece to watch her videos on and educational videos. She doesn't put it down. The battery life is awesome.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Difficult to get set up and logged in. This product was a gift to an elderly person and she had difficulty logging in. Had to go to Best Buy for assistance. Kept repeating log in was already being used. I have purchased 4 kindle fire tabletsas gifts and everyone seems to be enjoying them. Two were for kids, they enjoy downloading games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second kindle purchase for a child under 5 years old. It's the most functionally and practical tablet. My first kindle is still working fine and my daughter has had it for 4 years now and it has grown with her. My kids love them, and I also received one for myself as a gift so we now have 3 in our household and none of them have been damaged at all. Despite how clumsy my children can be. I highly recommend the kindle!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
excellent.they really enjoyed them. highly recommended.	ThinkPad Laptop
No issues since Christmas. Works great. East to use for a 7 year old.	Apple Airpods Headphones
love this tablet, I would so recommend this for others	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great price. Purchased for kiddos and seems hard to figure out, no instructions but company emailed me offering help to learn about new gadget from geek squad. Definitely great free apps program with tons of options!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good tablet, very good quality. The screen looks great. It is quick and easy to use. The only bad thing is the applications, it does not have YouTube is another similar application but it is very bad. But for the price it seems advisable and affordable.	Lightning Charging Cable
Was able to turn it on and log into the internet seamlessly. Very impressed with the speed and apps available. Great for the price! Buying another today!	27in FHD Monitor
Great for reading books, news, email, TV, music...and games. A wonderful device that is light enough to carry anywhere. Especially good for travel. Easy to carry and get through airport security. Can use on the plane. An easy and inexpensive gateway to computer literacy for older folks.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this for my daughter to read books on. Very pleased with the tablet so far.	ThinkPad Laptop
Good Black Friday deal...Wife enjoys it for reading	USB-C Charging Cable
Takes a bit to get used to OS but once you do it is a pretty decent tab for 40 bucks.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great for educational games and videos for my 4 & 7yr old	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"""An inexpensive 'Tablet""' was the request on the Angel Tree at my son's middle school and we didn't even have to think twice about it. Unfortunately we get no feedback on the performance of these gifts but we hope and pray that it brings some happiness to the recipient. God Bless Us everyone!"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
T-r-a-s-h.............................................. ....	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bough the tablet for my 11 year old nephew, loves it! Great for online games and videos.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have two boys, 5 and 7, they empty the tablet's battery everyday playing, still working perfect.And parental control is very good.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Fire is an excellent tablet for the price. Each member of my family has one and they meet all our needs and hold up very well.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great price over the holidays, recipient thrilled with the gift.	Lightning Charging Cable
Our kids use these and they are a great tablet for the price. Handy for reading ebooks. They don't have quite the wifi range as a laptop but otherwise work fine.	Wired Headphones
Good startup tablet for reading articles online & shop	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The best tablet for the money. I use it all the time.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent tablet for everyday browsing and use. And a true bargain at the Black Friday price.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my husbands tablet. It is just for general use, but he thinks it's great.	USB-C Charging Cable
I brought this item for my parent and it fits all of her needs.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
pretty much you get what you pay for... not bad, but not great, but an inexpensive fix for the cause	ThinkPad Laptop
It is a nice little tablet for on the go or for kids. Wouldn't recommend using it for work	Vareebadd Phone
It's a great tablet for everyone I would recommend.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought the tablet for work, but the only app we needed (free) never would download. After many tries and several hours, we gave up and took it back to the store.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was buying tablets for two grandkids ages 5 and 10. These did the trick and I didn't have to spend a fortune. I also bought the protective cases to protect them...Great purchase!	USB-C Charging Cable
This replaced a gift from the past year that didn't come with an expansion slot. He was very happy to get this.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for my son right before a family trip, This thing is great and packs all the features I could have asked for.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Kindle fire 7 is a great affordable tablet has everthing i need.	Lightning Charging Cable
I loved the tablet...does what it suppose to do...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased a Samsung S7 and S7 Edge and they are even better than the previous phones I have owned.	27in FHD Monitor
Gave it to my mom, who hasn't turned on a computer in 20 years. Showed her a couple of things, now she is a pro.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
At Times, I Just Want To Look Things Up-Watch Things-News etc etc-It's Perfect-On the Go.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet works good surfing the Web. And for my small child to listen to story books. He can see the screen very well. Since he has visual difficulty	Lightning Charging Cable
She loves it and it's easy for her to use. Perfect for the younger child growing into adulthood.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it on sale for $40 for techo-illiterate dad and he likes it so far. Better screen quality than I expected.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Hard to beat for the price. Great for browsing, movies, web.	27in FHD Monitor
I would like to say that they are really tuff the hold up to my kids lol	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this to replace 2015 Black Friday Fire after and the battery died. While there is a lot of value built into the tablet, the battery in the first one started acting up after 6 months and progressed into not able to hold a charge. As my family had grown to like it, we bought another one with strong reservation. I hope this one lasts longer and I'd recommend it if does.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and lots of features. Would recommend this item.	USB-C Charging Cable
My sister in law needed a new tablet so the amazon was a good choice. I also got one for my mom and dad.	USB-C Charging Cable
good product for the price and is large enough for viewing but small enough for travel	USB-C Charging Cable
It is very easy and lightweight to carry around and use	27in FHD Monitor
I liked the ease of use and how quickly we could get it set up and is great for kids to use as well	Flatscreen TV
For the price is good. But you have a lot of offers from Amazon on your main screen without even asking for it. Does not accept googlecast. The case for the tablet is too expensive. Well for basics it works fine	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my mom so we can stay in touch and she could play crossword games or Bingo at her Nursing home. She needs alot of assistance	Flatscreen TV
Works good for the cost. Bought this for my dad and he loves it.	Flatscreen TV
Works good just miss google play store. Nose resolution and speed	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this for my grandson for Christmas. It's a decent tablet for the price I paid. i find it much different than Samsung tabs or Apple iPad. so if you're used to these, amazon might not be a good pick for you. My grandson is disappointed we can't get YouTubekids on it. I've caught myself saying I should have paid a little more and gotten a Samsung. All in all, decent Tablet for a kid.	USB-C Charging Cable
Is very good tablet for the price is worth it I will buy one again	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Seems like a great tablet for my youngest daughter. The parental controls are nice and the battery life seems decent too.	Google Phone
I bought the device for my grand babies and they absolutely love it. My son says they pretty much haven't put it down since Christmas and I may need to buy another one so they don't have to share.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great gift I bought for someone as Christmas gift and she loves it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Best Buy not only gave me great customer service, they were very patient with an ""older"" techie. At 67 I really appreciate being guided by a knowledgeable younger person. I would refer anyone looking for electronic devices to Best Buy."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this originally for a younger child to download apps for learning for school and for a few games. It works well, no issues with that, but it is a little harder for him to navigate. From my standpoint, it is smooth and operates the way I expect it.	27in FHD Monitor
Don't underestimate the power and versatility of this Fire. I'd definitely recommend it!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great device for someone who is not very technologically advanced. Easy to use and understand.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great with everything thing I use. Battery lasts long but gets hot with games.	Flatscreen TV
I purchased one for each of my kids (4) and they love them and now I don't have to fight for my phone because they are on it playing app games lol!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This device meet my expectations. Fully recommended.	20in Monitor
Had been.looking at this item on Amazon and hoped it would go in sale. It did and I was able to purchase at Best Buy.	LG Washing Machine
I bought this as a gift and my nephew really enjoys it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"This was my third Fire 7"" 2015 to purchase. One for me and two for gifts. The apps in the Amazon appstore are not a numerous as in other stores, but I've got email apps, games, office productivity, everything I ""need"". For a simple to use tablet it gets the job done very well. As an e-book reader it's great, but not outstanding. The screen is not as nice as higher end models, but for the price and quality this unit can not be beat! The speaker is mono and not as loud as nicer Fire units, but again this is a sub $50 unit.I use mine daily for email, web, some simple games, I've even sideloaded a few apps that work great (Your mileage may vary).Expect to like the unit for what it can do and you'll be happy. If you think this one is as good as a $150 tablet, well look elsewhere.All the sub $50 tablets I've seen out there can't hold a candle to this one's build quality and features."	Lightning Charging Cable
It performed the way it said it would and more!Awesome buy!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the price and also the navigation. It was easy for set up very Convenient and light to carry. The screen is also very visible not blurring like other brands.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My girls love the tablet. Great value for the money.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a present for my father and he hasn't complained one bit about it.	Wired Headphones
It is a very good product and the attention of employees was very good	iPhone
Perfect item for my grand-kids and the price was especially just what I needed.	iPhone
I love my kindle fire. They are a great compact device that can do so much. I can read books for free, play a game and look up answers to my kids questions so quickly!	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this and I love it! It's easy to setup and easy to use.	Flatscreen TV
This is actually my second one in 2 years due to my boyfriend taking ownership of the first one.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Perfect gift for my mom who was homebound after surgery. Made the time go by so much faster!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Not a bad tablet but well worth the $$$. The battery is horrible tho after about a year or so worth of use. It drops off quite a bit and the USB charging port has issues.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good tablet to browse the Web, good for a beginner	USB-C Charging Cable
"I originally bought the tablet because I enjoy putting together jigsaw puzzles. Not having time to do them at home, I found apps that I could use on the cell phone while on the train. But, anything more than 125 pieces was just too many for the screen. I've found that I can do 225 piece puzzles comfortably on the Kindle and, for the amount of puzzles available and the time I can spend on them, that's good enough for me.But, the Kindle offers so much more. There are other great games and puzzle apps from the APP Store plus there's a six-month ""free"" trial subscription to the WASHINGTON POST. You can go online via WiFi and download books, read email, watch movies and videos, and surf the Internet, just like on a regular computer.It's great fun!"	Macbook Pro Laptop
"Very nice tablet for the price.. only problem, it sort of ""ties"" you up to be an amazon subscriber for a fee, so beware of this :)"	Flatscreen TV
This tablet has been easy to use and setup for my daughter.	20in Monitor
I needed a good tablet for my niece and my nephew.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for everyday use. Grandsons wish there could be more free access	iPhone
My 3 yr old niece loves her kindle. I couldn't imagine going on a road trip without it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Our kids ranging from 4-12 like this product. It's very versatile for all ages	Wired Headphones
Can't beat the price on this tablet. It greatly serves its purpose, I bought it for my kids to read. They love it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet. Easy to use. Purchased as a gift for a family member.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet is great for our 8 year old grandchildren to use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
fire is slow when surfing web. i am not used to amazon app store which is way inferior to apple store	Wired Headphones
This tablet is okay however the screen is too small and the WiFi does not work well. The WiFi turns off and I have to manually reset it over and over. The camera is nice however the resolution is not sharp enough for my needs. Does not make sense why there is not a version without cameras with a bigger screen size.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great Tablet for the price. Its very good for beginner.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
was a great buy for my mom. would recommend to anyone who read a lot of paper backs.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have bought a lot of tablets for my kids and all have broken. This tablet has lasted the longest and is the most kid friendly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Absolutely love my Kindle fire. Would buy for friends and family. It is the perfect combination of a tablet and e-reader.	Lightning Charging Cable
The fire has a solid build, is not horribly slow, and has decent battery. Its major flaw today is the screen, which is both low resolution and poor contrast, with weak viewing angles. It makes a fine cheap tablet to hand to some kids though. For the price, not bad.	Lightning Charging Cable
I can not believe how nice this Fire is for the $33 I paid for it. I would Not spend a lot of money on a expensive tablet when this one will do most everything the big dollar ones will do!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This has been user friendly for my dad, who is 78. Always provides entertainment and meets his computer needs.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 4 of these and gave them to my nice and nephews for their Christmas gift. They are a awesome tablet for the price.	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet. I bought several for gifts. Best Buy had the best price. I only gave four stars because of all the ads preloaded to these tablets is a pain.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is easy to use and a convenient size for travel.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my niece and it works great. Access to all the apps she likes and easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I decided I wanted to ""try"" a tablet for reading books and a little social media instead of using my phone all the time. I researched the Fire 7 and Fire HD 8 and settled on the 7 knowing that it is a low end device. The device is slick and easy to use, and the Alexa integration is really cool. But ""It's a $50 tablet"". At times, the performance is awful slow. I suspect it is updating content, say on twitter or FB. My complaint is when it is doing this, there are no visuals to let you know it is busy. I finally got on Amazon's chat feature, and several hours later, including several power cycles and a complete factory restore, the performance is the same. The reps at Amazon tried their best - and FWIW, I knew there was nothing they could do to speed it up before I contacted them, but I thought I would give it a try. So get this if you want, just be patient. Remember, ""It's a $50 tablet"". If you want better performance, spend more $$."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I brought this tablet for my son for Christmas and he loves it. I would definitely recommend this tablet as a starter tablet for younger kids.	Google Phone
It was really easy to setup for my kids and is a great size for them	Lightning Charging Cable
This is an easy to use tablet. It was easy to set up and easy for my 6 year old to use. I purchased one of the off brand tablets for my other kid and have had a lot of problems with the charging port. Not with this tablet, worth a little extra money.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this tablet for my nephew for Christmas. He loves it!!	Wired Headphones
I got this on a flash sale in at the moment and it was a great purchase. I didn't plan on getting one that day but I did and for $50 which I got it before it was totally worth it. I got a really nice blue colored Amazon tablet and I am happy with that. I can read books on it and use it when someone else is using one of the more expensive tablet I just want to relax and read a book. It is also great for surfing Internet you can play games on it as well. It is great for kids because it is sturdy even without a case it has still held up nicely .	27in FHD Monitor
Tablet is modest for it's price. Good for beginners.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a gift for my mom and she loves it	Wired Headphones
Vivid color and picture quality. The quad processor seems faster than a quad. The Kindle is user friendly.	LG Washing Machine
Great tablet Very good put together and easy to use Greatest for gaming	iPhone
It is affordable and a great product. Its a great ereader as well as a great tablet. Just the right size to play games and watch movies on.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great little tablet I gave as a gift to my mom. She is not tech savvy at all and she seems to have no real issues using it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
These made great christmas gifts for my family that isn't too tech savvy but they love them and use it frequently!	USB-C Charging Cable
Gave this as a Christmas gift to my uncle because he has been given other tablets that did perform as they advertised. I have asked him several time if he is still enjoying the Fire and his answer has always been yes. I also purchased one for myself as well and it has continued to perform as well as it did on the first day I started it up. It is also a great tablet for someone who is a first time user of this type of technology. I would purchase another one should the need arise without giving it a second thought.	27in FHD Monitor
Great to use for a daily use, easy to use and light and great to watch movies.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
So easy to set up and use right away. Dual camera is great.	Wired Headphones
Got tablet for daughter, great tablet, size and easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my son who is 3. He loves it. Compared to an iPad isn't not great, but for $50, it's pretty great.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Its cool for kids and safe with the case if your kid dropped	USB-C Charging Cable
the tablet is okay its not like apple I pad don't cheat your self .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought 2 of these for our 2 oldest grandkids. They loved them and were excited to receive them and to use them on a trip to Florida.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Thank you, the Fire works great!! My daughter is on it all the time, and I can regulate what she looks at.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a great Christmas gift. the price was great and the amazon fire is small enough to bring with to travel .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
this was a great gift for the kids. We are going on a vacation and The amazon fires are a great tool for them to download games and search the web while we are traveling..thanks	USB-C Charging Cable
Basic tablet that we got for our toddler. Offers enough apps to keep her entertained and a low price point. If she breaks this I will not be too upset compared to other tablets.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I would have given 5 stars if it weren't for the charging port. There is a small metal prong that lines up with the cable that can get bent if you do not plug it in VERY CAREFULLY. Have had to send one back because it would no longer charge. Otherwise great tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
"This was actually my second purchase of this tablet. Overall the finish is good; everything works pretty fine. It has all of the amazon services that you need like kindle, amazon music.... The touch screen still has some delay, however. Once in a while they put it on sale for $30. If your not in a hurry, like if you already own a tablet and are not really in need of a second one, then you can wait because I believe at the price of 30, this tablet is unbeatable."	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use for my mom and toddler. just like any kind of android device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for the kids to have and play games on. They want put it down.	Lightning Charging Cable
Cant beat the price for a tablet. This is the best bang 4 buck.	LG Dryer
Great little tablet for my young family member and the price is right.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great gift for a kid to read, surf and play music!	Wired Headphones
My Nephew and mom loved their tablets! He is 6 and takes it everywhere. Easy to set up and use	iPhone
I think this is the best table for reading books and just browsing the net.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Best starter device in place of an iPad or computer.	Vareebadd Phone
A perfect gift for entry level person. Very light weight and handy to use	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The one thing I miss is the google store. some games i love to play aren't available.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this to use with a particular app but wasn't able to install them so I returned the tablets.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
got five of these at black friday, great price and deal, worth the money	Google Phone
Short on memory but easily expands with memory stick. Works great for everyday tasks.	Wired Headphones
Purchased this for my mother in law who loves to read but can't always get to the library. It was easy for her to download books with simple instructions. Now she is hooked on some games. Best gift ever!	iPhone
bought it for my niece and she loved it she was super happy	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My daughter got this for Christmas. Right out of the box it came on, but the screen was all white. Good price, but could never get it to work.	USB-C Charging Cable
I couldn't pass this one up for the money. Buy them for your kids so they can stay occupied for hours and get fat.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Excellent Amazon product perfect for my 4 year old, I put it into kids mode and she loved it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price it's perfect. Does all the basics well and if you break it you won't be heartbroken. Well worth it.	Flatscreen TV
Nice size. Functions as expected. Use it for reading books, email and a bit of web surfing. Like that you can turn down the screen brightness for night reading. Took off one star because it is tied to the Amazon store for apps and you can't easily edit Google docs & spreadsheets as you can on an Android tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my kids on Xmas and they really like it ..	Wired Headphones
Bought it for my daughter. She loves it! makes me happy:)	Google Phone
I bought this kindle fire because it was on sale. After I took it home i realized I would have bought it at full price. This is a great ereader that you can also use to browse the web. My son loves using this to read his Ebooks and play his games.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Amazon Fire Tablet is cool. Very useful, especially for my son playing games, downloading free games and ebooks.	LG Dryer
"it was a good purchase i dont regret to buy it; it is great for readers, and those who play app games. It is a little slow sometimes."	Google Phone
The Kindle Fire will not disappoint - durable and easy to use. We have 4 kids using them all tied to the same amazon account. So convenient!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Does everything my kindle did for half the price!!	Lightning Charging Cable
everything you need, good price, easy to use and kid friendly	USB-C Charging Cable
I was able to run this fire tablet with Kodi and now this tablet kicks @$$	Wired Headphones
We have a couple of these now for our kids. Create a kid account and allow access to a few apps, add a memory card for more storage for movie video files that you have and it's enough to entertain the kids on car trips or keep them from going nuts in restaurants occasionally.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect color, size, and price for our family needs.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect color, size and price for our family needs.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This item was purchased as a gift. I heard nothing bad about this tablet so i can say it is a good tablet for kids.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am very happy about this Amazon tablet purchase at Best Buy and it is working great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
great price and a better gift,i was looking nice gift.	Product
Awesome kindle fire. Great features and durability. Free shipping sealed the deal.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this Tablet around Christmas Holiday, easy set-up, download apps, & can download e-books, great for under $100. Highly recommend to pick this up!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my children, I love it for its parental control settings as well as how fast it is. The volume is louder than many other tablets I have handled, which makes it great for watching videos or game play. I would definitely recommend this product and would purchase it again	Flatscreen TV
My grandson loved it! Shipping was lightning fast!Thank you!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So far it has been easy to use which is what i was looking for. The graphics are good and I love all of the free apps. I can get. The cost was great too!	Wired Headphones
great purchase. it does everything as expected. very easy to setup.	iPhone
From the first time I used it, the pages kept freezing and didn't respond to touch commands. I had to turn it off and back on daily. I tried to get a replacement and was told they no longer have them and I'd have to pay $10. more for a newer model. I bought 2 (1 as a gift). So far 1 works and 1 didn't.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for Christmas 2015. After about 9-10 months the battery began to fail to hold a charge. While the first 9 months were good -- as many of the reviews here laud this tablet -- the 90 day warranty is disappointing from Amazon. (When I did have a different Amazon device fail within the warranty period, their exchange was immediate and easy for a brand new device -- so the only warranty issue is with the length.)I'd recommend it if you just want a cheap tablet to throw in your bag but otherwise it's just average.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The amazon fire '7 tablet was $33 on black Friday. How could I not buy a name brand tablet for that little	27in FHD Monitor
Great value and responds quickly to the touch. I bought two tablets for my college son's for Christmas. This tablet is great to connect to wifi and use to watch hulu and netflix in bed. Super!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Decent tablet for the price. Economic tablet for easy browsing.	Google Phone
Great for kids and adults !easy to use and carry around	USB-C Charging Cable
There shouldnt be an 8 gig tablet. Not enough internal memory. Kindle Fire tablets work on a modified Android operating system. But other than that a good tablet for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire Stick is inexpensive, easy to set up and really responsive. Ended up buying a few of these for the entire family.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Brought this as a gift for a friend and she loves it.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is a good beginner model. If you are new to the world of tablets, you may want something faster.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased 3 of these for Christmas gifts for my son and 2 granddaughters. I purchased 2 different colors for the girls so they wouldn't fight and one for my son to replace a broken tablet. They all love them.	Lightning Charging Cable
love the color. easily to navigate and add apps. need a memory card though.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great for kids ,my son loves it and good price for product	Wired Headphones
doesn't allow for my apps but with memory card it will.	Lightning Charging Cable
a birthday gift for my son and he likes it. always attached to his hand and always on it.	Vareebadd Phone
This is extremely easy to use, packed with abilities, and has internet capabilities. I can't believe all of this for such a low price. This is the only tablet anyone needs.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great as a movie player. All I use it for is watching movies on an airplane or at sea.	Wired Headphones
I purchased three of these tablets as Christmas gifts for my kids. It was a great deal since Best Buy had them on sale for $33/ea. They were very excited to get their own tablet. The 7 inch is a bit small for my taste, however, great for kids. The Amazon service that provides ample apps for kids is a great deal since you can add up to four kids on one account.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"Bought this for my 10 year old nephew for Christmas. He uses it for kid games (not true gaming). Parental restrictions/blocks work well. He seems to love it. I think this is a perfect ""first"" tablet or nice tablet for an adult not needing all the bells and whistles of a more expensive one. It is smaller and easily carried so it is perfect for web surfing, reading books, and simple games. At this price point, I think it was a great purchase."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this as a gift for a special needs child, he was able to use mine with ease so I bought his his own. Best Buy carries amazing covers as well and he is now able to listen to music, learn colors and numbers, and access movies in a fun interactive way. This is an amazing purchase for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great and convenient tablet at an unbeatable price.buy one before all gone	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought as a Christmas gift. I got it on Black Friday, so the price was very good. My daughter can use this in her classes and it's a great size. I even bought another one after Christmas because we liked it so much!	USB-C Charging Cable
Product serves as reader and simple tablet. Used as personal device when traveling. Good product for the money.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my Mom, easy to use, simple and she can load all of her books onto her tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my daughter. I can set parental controls and it has lasted her for a while.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
If you want a tablet that is current and works well with the android platform and that you won't have a coronary when you kid drops on the floor, in the toilet, or anywhere then this is for you. We have 4 total and Amazon service if you have any issues is second to none. They even replaced previous ones for free when the charging port got loose but it seems that is now a problem of the past.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this as a gift and it went over very well. She loved it.	Vareebadd Phone
Bought this for my 89 year old mother. She loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for grandkids, my six year old grandson loves it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet on Black Friday and it was on sale. It's incredibly slow, and the screen quality is mediocre. What bothered me the most were the ads on the tablet. I only really use it to watch Netflix- so it's fine, but don't expect anything above that to function well on this device.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son loves his Kindle for games and he loves it for reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for my boy and he loves it plus he had dropped it a few times picks it up and keeps on playing	iPhone
Chose this tablet due to the parental control features as a gift for my granddaughter.	Lightning Charging Cable
This made my brother life easier in school An work	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my mother to replace older RCA tablet and this one is so much better! She loves it!	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet was purchased as a Christmas gift and our nephew absolutely loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
bought for grandkids they love them. wise choice I made	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The screen is beautiful. It does everything the iPad can do if not more. You are definitely not settling for less but, keeping more money in your pocket if you choose this device over and iPad.	Lightning Charging Cable
you just cant beat the value here. great having one of these	27in FHD Monitor
Great tablet and for a great price. Good for gifts.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for the price. Amazon apps aren't much. The big thing Amazon doesn't let you use Google Play for apps.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought one for my lil 2yr old and I absolutely love it. I can take it on the go and it's an easy and practical device for my lil one to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great kindle! Very good for kids and adults! We have one for every member of family. Can play games , read , and use Internet. Also has a kid time to limit time on what kids see or how long on!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Cheap tablet that pretty much does everything!!!!!	iPhone
Thus device is so portable and works really well for what I want it to.	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet is perfect for kids and adults for me if I was the owner I wouldn't want a little bit more memory and ram but that's why I own a laptop now it has an interface that allows you to set up a profile for a kid individually That's what makes it perfect for kids and you control. It also has latest and greatest apps exc. It runs games ok but movies stream well and really for me this is great I have 4 girls from ages 10 to 4 and they all have something and this one is the best of all of them.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is the perfect size for my kids. It has great parental controls functions and ordering apps is easy through Amazon.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We love our kindles. They are very sturdy compared to pricier tablets.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love this tablet. Its so simple and easy to use. Happy with how long the battery lasts after watching Amazon video for hours.	Wired Headphones
it was the first time that i purchased something like this and it was a gift so i asked and she loved it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the tablet. It works really well. I ended up purchasing two, a black one for my wife and I to use and a blue one for our toddler son. So far so good. I did get free virus software with the tablet as part of a black Friday deal but it doesn't seem compatible with the Amazon Fire although it's supposed to be. Thus far that's the only downside.	Wired Headphones
My kids are pleased.............I am happy I made this purchase!	Wired Headphones
Affordable price the tablet was a nice Christmas gift	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Amazon fire is a good tablet for everyday use.	Flatscreen TV
I bought this tablet on black Friday and went home to test it out and it was very slow and not worth the money	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works well with my amazon account. Its great to take along when awaiting for appointments.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good gift for my grandchild. She loves it. I'm a little unhappy with the navigation of the tablet from exiting a screen to return to the home screen. Especially when wanting to exit a game or video screen.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Works well...is a lot of value for the money. Very happy!	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this item as a travel companion. I use it for entertainment such as games, books and movies. It also comes in very handy when I need e-mailing, paying bills, etc. when away from home.	20in Monitor
This product is what you pay for. Got it on black Friday at less than 40 dollars. It uses are basic and good for my kids. If you need a babysitter, it comes into play for an hour. Battery life is pretty good	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet for the price. Great for traveling!	20in Monitor
Purchased for using Freetime with three year old. So far so good. The three year old is able to use and enjoys. Did get the amazon case.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this when it was on sale for a Christmas gift for a child in foster care. I think this is a great tablet for kids but wish there was more storage as you know with kids, they like to download stuff. It is a great first tablet for someone who is just getting started.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for all four of my children and my mother! Its durable and easy to use. My 2 year old has more fun with it than anyone else!	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this fire for someone as a Christmas gift and it was the best gift given that day. It is perfect for any small online tasks one would like to do and absolutely perfect for reading books!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The fire tablet works great for what I use it for, games, email, buying, entertainment.	20in Monitor
It was a Wonderful gift for the holidays, I've enjoyed it greatly!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
What I love the most is that I can set the specific time to limit for my little boy to use it, with Kindle Free Time. For example I set up only on weekdays to be used two hours, and 6 hours on weekends. This is really good!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I got this as a gift. My mom is really enjoying it. It works great!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Being its were on sale I bought it after use I found Excelent	iPhone
Nice tablet. Great gift item. Gives me flexibility in being able to check email and play games anywhere in the house. My only wish is that the screen were a little larger.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's good for the low cost. Good one to gift. Does the basic job..	Wired Headphones
Amazon products amaze me for the value of what they are. This is no different. A great little 7 inch tablet where you can surf the web, watch movies, read books, or listen to music. Only really works if you have Amazon Prime. This really unlocks the potential. To really unlock the potential you can also subscribe to kindle reading unlimited if you read a lot or have several people in the family that will also read. I actually opted to return this one to upgrade to the Fire HD8 which was only about $20 more at the time and gives you a slightly bigger screen and HD resolution (I love to stream movies).	Lightning Charging Cable
I didn't even know I wanted it until I was in line and saw it for 30$. Could pass it up! I think I paid more for the case for it. I gave it 1 less star because it doesn't have all of the apps and games I like. Otherwise works great and u can use a memory card.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good adorable tablet. Don't have a bad thing to say about it. As long as you purchase a micro SD there is no issue with storage.	Lightning Charging Cable
I am very impressed with this set-up. I purchased as a cheaper replacement of an apple product and it does exactly the same thing.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Its a nice tablet for the money but I just didn't like being stuck in the amazon universe .	USB-C Charging Cable
My 3 youngest boys got these for Christmas and LOVE them!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent product.I have purchased several ( yes, children can break them if they try ).I am sure there are limitations as it is an Amazon product ( -.5 stars) .My family does all they want with theirs, and are very happy (we have 4)..Mine is a year old and works like new.( I believe a previous model had an issue with the power cord they fixed )	ThinkPad Laptop
Very good tablet, the price is worth, you have and the price and quality in the same product.	Lightning Charging Cable
The screen quality is excellent, and while not all android apps are available for the Fire, a vast number are. The batter life is very good and the responsiveness for the apps that I use is wonderful. my number one negative is it's continued use of the old industry standard USB cord and socket for charging. My wife often uses the tablet while it is plugged in, which leads to damage to the socket and the connector. This intern will lead to a third rate connection and the eventual inability to charge the device. I'm hoping that the new standard (USB C) will fix this problem in the future. For now, don't use the tablet (or any tablet) while it is plugged in!	Wired Headphones
My boys absolutely love Being able to do ABC mouse on here and I Feel this was one of my greatest purchases	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a very well made tablet. If you can deal with the Amazon pre loaded apps, it is very fast. Simple to use and the best tablet for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
The screen resolution, ease of use, and access to apps, books, and movies makes the Kindle Fire hard to beat. This is the 5th Kindle we've purchased (big family) over the past several years - have been happy with each one.	27in FHD Monitor
This a nice little tablet although I only have used it very little. I bought it for a backup, because we all know sooner or later ones going to break down. For the price you can't beat it. Next year I may buy more than one.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this one my niece and she loves it. She also take it on long road trips.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I brought this tablet for myself. Good product especially for what I paid for it. Got it on sale for $33 on Black Friday online. Very happy I didn't have to wait in line at the stores.	Lightning Charging Cable
My granddaughter loves watching movies and it goes everywhere with her the size is easy to watch and it has a great picture .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Decent price for a nice tablet. Got it for Kids, I set it up and got ready to go, kids love it and spend time playing their fave apps.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My grand kid didn't like device, get frustrated to navigate education video. Not worth it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this is the best tablet on the market for a really great price and even has Alexa access	
I bought this as a gift for my daughter who was happy to get it.	iPhone
Super happy with my purchase. Neice snd nephew were fighting over it and they both chose it over their iPads!!! Who would have thought!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent tablet. Great product. Deliverd on time.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was ancient technology and did not keep up with the internet.	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandkids love this tablet. Very easy to use and navigate through. Best Buy was awesome because after we bought the tablets (3) they were on sale at another store and Best Buy refunded the difference.	Wired Headphones
I brought one of these tables as a gift and they love it! It was easy to set up and great price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"Purchased as a gift for the mother-in-law who needed a new device for reading books. Even at the suggested retail it's a rather remarkable bargain; with Black Friday pricing it was a steal. Excellent graphics, convenient size."	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought 3 tablets .one already broken my 5 year old Grandson washed his he did not know any better but the other to are fine Thank You they love them.	27in FHD Monitor
Good tablet. Need to buy a pink case for it. I bought it for my daughter	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this tablet for my nephew and have downloaded a lot of educational apps from the Amazon store.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I just loved the tab and it is super cool for kids	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the price. I purchased this as a Xmas gift	USB-C Charging Cable
It's fast reliable and easy for any age to play games read or browse	Vareebadd Phone
It's a cheap tablet that you can just give to your kids or whatever. The ads are annoying but then again you can't expect too much with the price point. However, I would not recommend using this for any kind of work at all because it's very slow and finicky at times but if you're tired of giving your kids your phone/tablet this is the product for you. Just make sure you take off your payment info, maybe even make their own personal amazon account.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had the first gen kindle and this is soooo much better. Screen looks better, the front and back camera is cool, the side control buttons are convenient and so far the tablet works great. It was an easy setup and transfer from my Amazon acct. I bought it originally for my 4 yr old so the parental controls are great too.	Lightning Charging Cable
Decent product given the low price point. Got it for gifting and the kid enjoys it.	Lightning Charging Cable
What can you say for 30 bucks I got 2 great gifts love them	Apple Airpods Headphones
purchased as a gift for my 8 year old niece she absolutely loves it and it is easy for her to use. Mom loves the parental settings on it as well!	ThinkPad Laptop
I returned the item was not what I expected very disappointed white the table	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good tablet and easy to use. Its small a portable.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this tablet for my youngest son. He was the last in our family to get a Kindle fire, we all have one. He loves it, as we all do. It's a quality tablet for a great price. I know from experience ( and daily use) that it will last a long time. Love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Got this for my dad for Christmas. He loved it! He gets on and plays games and browses on the internet. Screen is not to big but not to small it's perfect for him. Works fast! And has some cool little updates such as ""Alexa"""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The price is great the feel of it in ur hands don't feel cheap	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Santa brought this for my 8 almost 9 year old for Christmas. Santa would have rather brought her an Apple but cost for one is too crazy to spend on one child so this was a good alternative and she loves it! She mainly uses it for games and YouTube videos. I think the graphics are great for someone her age. Great starter for children,	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I already have a kinds. I bought this as a gift. Love best buy online customer servive!	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is very good specially for children they can download all the games they want to download on it...	ThinkPad Laptop
Using it for reading ebooks on commute and watching youtube. What more can you ask for this price.	20in Monitor
Good for a starter tablet for the kids. Love the parental control option	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my 7 yo and she loves it. Used the kindle for her reading	Google Phone
Recommended every day. Great Customer service also fast shipping.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's not as easy to use but battery life is great. It's just taking time for me to get used to it.	Wired Headphones
Good value tablet, make a good remote for fireTV. Often cheaper at other vendors though.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for my son as a Christmas gift and he loves it. Easy to use for a 5 year old	iPhone
I like the tablet. It is pretty awesome. Easy to use and you can download lots of free games that you couldn't download for free on other devices and underground Amazon is the reason why.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have not had time to set everything up yet. My granddaughter is enjoying hers! My daughter had an issue when she first set it up, all her books downloaded onto the new one and took up most of her space. I do believe that has been resolved.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Combining this with Amazon prime made this an excellent choice for my 1st grader. They have so many free books and learning games.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
got for a great deal bought 2 for the kids and they love them.	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent Product excellent price ,nice and easy to use thanks	Google Phone
Great way to start kids onto using a device with technology	20in Monitor
So easy to use and my parents just love it and use it all the time!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son's Kindle Fire finally quit, I was happy to see it in such fun colors at a great price to replace the old one.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is a great product. Very reasonable price does exactly what my kids need it to do	Product
Only got four stars because it's got to many preloaded apps I can not hide and I got this tab for my seven year old for Christmas. She loves it though and it works great.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I would never buy another Amazon product personally. It works well but I'd rather use the rca over this. Personal preference has nothing to do with quality	Wired Headphones
Went from paper white to fire for color and audio. Love the fire.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I also own one. They are great easy to. I got my four grand daughters one they love them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
good for a kid which is why I bought it. If given the choice I will always choose apple.	27in FHD Monitor
The Amazon Fire works terrific! It great for emailing, social networking and web browsing. I can even play a few games on it too. Battery life is really great too. I recommend this to everyone!	Vareebadd Phone
Wonderful tablet for the price. Great for what I need. Not perfect for surfing the web but for reading, watching movies and listening to music it has been wonderful. Great deal!	Lightning Charging Cable
Very good buy for the money had 2 months and works great	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this as a gift for a friend with a small child. The low cost of the tablet and general sturdiness of it made it ideal for her little one to play with and be entertained with the children's apps. Good tablet for day to day use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my grandson for Christmas and he is loving it	Lightning Charging Cable
I gave this tablet to my 6yr old for Christmas, she is enjoying it very much. I was surprised how good the quality was for the price I would definitely recommend it.	Wired Headphones
My Grandkids love their kindle!! It offers so much for learning YouTube etc	Lightning Charging Cable
"Excellent tab ; originally struggled to get it into the web but discovered that we have to connect to Hot Spot from mobile phone ( not open wifi in public place)!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	Wired Headphones
In my personal opinion, this product would be unable to satisify any adult, whether it was for business or pleasure. Limited apps, limited space, slow uploading, etc. Also, due to this being an amazon product, many apps and options are unavailable, that are commonly used with both android and apple products. So I would not recommend to anyone.	Flatscreen TV
overall a good product for the price. would recommend	Lightning Charging Cable
Ok for basics a little slow...great for price a good idea for kids and browsing	USB-C Charging Cable
Cheap functional tablet, slower than most if not all latest smartphones.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Gave tablet as a Christmas gift - she uses it all of the time and loves it. She was thrilled to get it I bought the extended warranty so that the tablet would be covererd in case something happened to it. Her mother had seen it advertised and I bought it on thanksgiving day	Apple Airpods Headphones
Had one in the past and it was stolen. So glad I could get this st a good price.	27in FHD Monitor
Average tablet for general use. I still like Apple better!	Lightning Charging Cable
My son likes his amazon fire tablet and its loud he's hearing impaired its great for him	iPhone
good product with reference to price. little annoying with too many ads	Lightning Charging Cable
Worth the money when on sale-slow connection compared to a laptop	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter gave me an iPad for Christmas. Had kindle before old one had broken screen. Not repairable on my geek plan. Bought this one for self for Christmas. Don't need both.	Wired Headphones
Cheap but biggest problem is I can't get it to download apps. The Internet connection is very weak.	Google Phone
Bought two of them as gifts for parents, arrived on time, satisfied and great for what you pay	AA Batteries (4-pack)
They work amazing and can't beat the price.........	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a wonderful device especially for the beginner, my 70 year old mother. Step-by-step setup instructions are easy to follow, and the price is phenomenal for the features it has	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the second fire tablet I have purchased. I purchased one a year ago for myself and bought the second for my wife. She loves it.	ThinkPad Laptop
I want one that the battery life was better than my old one i had.this is just what i wanted and the price was even better,	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It is a great price for a basic tablet from a brand I trust. So far, it seems to be fine for the things I want to do.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect for my needs and the needs of my students!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I wouldn't recommend buying this tablet for personal use	ThinkPad Laptop
I really like this item. It is easier to carry around than my iPad when going to appointments and has all my kindle library on it. I did purchase a scan disk to ncrease its memory and am still learning how to use it. Having wifi capabilities is a plus.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this tablet for my granddaughter..it is perfect, and she loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this on black Friday for my mom for christmas. She loves it. She never likes my presents so this is great.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love the features and works great! Perfect gift for any occasions.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought tablet for my daughter and she loves it. Also I play it a lot. On it now writing this review	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for kids to watch video and games. Love it...	ThinkPad Laptop
This is my first tablet and I really like it. Easy to use and I like the touch screen a lot better then the tablet my kid got at another store. Perfect size for my hand.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my son to read books on and mybe play a few games. So far so good. No complaints.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my husband for Christmas, it's easy to use and light weight. I'm still using a first gen Kindle Fire and after playing with his I wish I bought one for myself too! It has many features an Android phone would have.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like that it has parental control and a curfew on it, what I don't like is the charger it seemed to have a short in it or doesn't charge fast it's a slow charge but she loves it and it does way more then I expected. She is able to download books she can't use the internet because of the child mode it's a great tablet for children and adults	Wired Headphones
Not too big not too small.. I enjoy browsing the web on my new Amazon tablet!	Lightning Charging Cable
This is an excellent option. And it has Alexa built in.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Works good for my grandkids to play with when they are visiting me at my home.. I really needed to buy 3 instead of 2. Only gripe I have is the seemingly ""forced"" ads popping up, which appear to be built into it. Maybe I will learn someday how to stop them. :("	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have an ipad, and though I can say this is no Ipad, it works great...especially for the money. Never touch the ipad any more and even bought some of these for my kids.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is one kool little tablet. I spent some time with these and really enjoyed what they offered. The y make excellent gifts for little loved ones	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this item solely for the purpose of listening to music / recreational games for my young child I love the fact that I found it in Orange! & overall it's a good tablet for minut activities.	iPhone
Nice little tablet. Works great as an eReader. Easy set-up, easy to use. Like the expansion capability for memory.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love the ease of using them for our grandsons and they enjoyed them for Christmas	Wired Headphones
Daughter love it can download all her app good battery	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Cheap item but works well. Gift for my dad amd he loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product for our little ones. They both recieved this for Christmas and love it.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is actually really fast. The screen quality is also good.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for younger daughter and loves playing games on it.	Wired Headphones
I got this for $33 on Black Friday. Does what I need to do.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The apps for the kids are slow and don't all show up on their home page, But other than that, it's great for the price and to entertain my 2 children.	Google Phone
this was one of the best product i could have bought for my daughter	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought this for our grandaughter. She loves technology and this has all the basic things she needs or will use. Smaller size fits her hands well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellant starter tablet . I love that it is preset with children in mind. I love the color choices available since I have 5 grandchildren who each got this product for Christmas	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellant starter tablet . I love that it is preset with children in mind and I love the colors.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellant starter tablet . I love that it is preset with children in mind	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice, clear images, but very slow and the ads on the start screen are annoying. Also, the search engine, Silk, is not very good. Switch to Google if you can. Should have just stuck with the Digiland tablet--a lot more bang for the buck.	iPhone
"Still learning, but seems like a good tablet; less $ than an iPad. We will see about the apps."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is not going to compare to a galaxy tab or iPad but it's a good starter tablet for my nephew. I hate the ads that pop up on the screen and wish Amazon would have mentioned that.	iPhone
Good tablet for basic use. It is great for traveling.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have purchased three of these tablets. I owned one for myself and fell in love with it. I use it to watch movies, play games and for facebook. It came with under ground access to lots of free apps. I loved my fire tablet so much that I bought my two daughters each one also for xmas. I got them on black Friday. They love them so much also.. They mostly use them for netflix and youtube and to play minecraft. This is the perfect small tablet, easy to set up and use.	Wired Headphones
The price was right on this for my 10 year old, works great and easy to use. Nice parental features also	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this as a christmas gift for nephew, he loves his tablet. His mom loves it even more now that he can play some games on it. Tablet is not too heavy, just put a protective case to protect your investment.	Wired Headphones
My nephew broke his tablet and I thought this one was going to be perfect for him, since he's young he doesn't need a expensive one. It was on sale for Black Friday so I took the advantage and got it on time before Christmas	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet, amazing price got it as a gift and they loved it,	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love it it was a gift for my niece she uses it a lot to extreme movies battery holds up very well	20in Monitor
This tablet offers the user more options than a regular tablet but the ease of use a beginner would love	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the price. It is very clear to use and it responds well.	iPhone
I was looking for a good small tablet at a reasonable price and I found the Amazon Fire 7 Tablet had all the features I needed. Easy and fun to use!	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter really likes her new Kindle. She loves the color and the size of the tablet. Works well and was very easy to transfer her items from her old Kindle to this one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My kids play games and watch videos. Perfect! Fast enough for what we need.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the money good deal. Nice to hook up to cell phones.	27in FHD Monitor
Granddaughters really enjoy their gifts. It was reported the house is quite because of increased reading and game playing. Taking trips in the car is quite and pleasant.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is good for a child between the ages of 5-18. Great purchase!	Lightning Charging Cable
overalls a great price and good processor for personal use. Great for small children value and size.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought my daughter one an she literary have been on it every sense I purchased I would definitely approve this on the market for the little ones cheap and worth every penny	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My nephew always wanted to play games on my phone, so when I saw this tablet on sale I picked it up thinking it would make him happy to have his own tablet to play games. For past month, I have not seen him once with out it. Big score for favorite Aunt..	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use for all ages. Easy to learn and use all the amazon apps. Amazon stands behind their product pretty well.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price on Black Friday. Bought for my grandson. Interface is a little different but a good purchase	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For the fundamentals of tablet use this one works great!	Lightning Charging Cable
I have to get a case for him but I was able to set this one up for Free Time. I have it set for time frames of the week and weekend he can play. I also was able to make it where he can't play games until he has completed 45 mins of reading.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
They were really excited about this Christmas gift!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is great for reading books or letting your kids play games and keep them off your phone.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great little tablet works very well for my daughters needs.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the kindle fire. Perfect size for on the go. Easy to manage.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I've installed and its working perfect Im very impress with the product next time I need any software I will always looking for Best Buy stores	USB-C Charging Cable
It makes it the perfect gift,Not too big,Not too small...perfect	Wired Headphones
Gave this as a gift, the recipient loves it and uses it daily.	Wired Headphones
I purchased two tablets as Christmas gifts and the children love them.	Wired Headphones
Love it! A perfect tablet with a 128gb expandable storage	Wired Headphones
Super fun and enjoyable. Bought them as Christmas presents	Wired Headphones
I bought two of these tablets for my nephews! They are extremely versatile with games and other resources for a great price! I considered getting them Nintendo DS systems but realized that they would be able to do so much more with tablets for half the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave this tablet to my son's girlfriend for Christmas . She loves it!	LG Dryer
This was a Christmas present for our child and it was exactly what we expected.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my niece for Christmas. She is 8 she loved it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great gift !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	iPhone
It's ok, it's good for beginner users, the kids love it because they could play games on it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Enjoying it immensely. Recommend to anyone. Perfect size to carry in your bag.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very little storage, Amazon Android skin bloated and too many ads	Lightning Charging Cable
I loved my Amazon Kindle Fire so much, I purchased one for every member of my family for Christmas. Great for all ages, 8 to 84.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Let's me watch movies on road trips & overall good quality picture	USB-C Charging Cable
I was a little worried getting these since we have always had Apple but wow what a great buy. Tons of games same as iPad and Hulu and Netflix access. Thank god I grabbed these instead of iPads	Lightning Charging Cable
I found the product could be of great value for the price. Black Friday deals rock	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is great for the price & an easy way to read books, too!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is the perfect portable device. I believe it to be much better then IPad or in my opinion rivals it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
If you want a cheap nice tablet get this one! It does everything	Apple Airpods Headphones
This kindle fire is great for the price. I love that you can add more storage for even more apps and pictures.	LG Washing Machine
Great small size tab that easy to keep up with. Not too big and not too small	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not long enough for battery life.Confusion for Amazon app user.To be careful if I plan to use in the future.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas, works good. Only downfall is no Google play only amazon apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My moth in law loved it. It was a great tablet for her!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Ordered dec 9th and got my order AFTER CHRISTMAS and it was supposed to be delivered on dec 17th	AA Batteries (4-pack)
bought my 1st fire a couple of years ago, killed it, then saw the great sale price and had to get another	Wired Headphones
Great for my needs that are beyond the tablet applications	Wired Headphones
Bought it for a 2 year old and she loves it. The only thing she uses it for is YouTube videos	iPhone
I didnt realize, even though I should have, that I could not add whatever programs I wanted to for it. I wanted to get this so I could play games on the tablet while home, instead of my phone. I was able to install one of the two games I play, but was unable to with the second. I will actually be returning it because that means I have no use for it. My wife has one and hers has been great for her this entire time.	USB-C Charging Cable
i really like this product bought it as a gift for kids	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought as a gift for a person's first tablet. They love it. Easy to use and as many popular apps as any other devices. Highly recommended.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought it for myself. Loved the price and it works pretty well for $39. Didn't break the bank at all, very happy with this purchase!	iPhone
I really like them because I can get on my computer	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. I want one now.	Wired Headphones
Bought this an an auxiliary pad instead of a second iPad, which I have had for years. So, far, other than reading books on it I haven't been able to accomplish much. Most of the apps I use on my iPad don't have a compatible version. But, it was cheap, so even as just an e-reader I decided to keep it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is perfect for what I needed it for! Very nice product!	20in Monitor
It is a good product to use for child aged 7-15 years.	USB-C Charging Cable
I like the fire, wish it was vudu and flixst enabled but good	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for my kids for Christmas. Price was nice and no problems so far.	27in FHD Monitor
Got this as a Christmas gift for my brother-in-law. He loved it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love that there is a kids profile you can create on the tablet. Very user friendly.	Google Phone
Very happy customer. My daughter loves using this.	Google Phone
Love it. Love my new fire tablet. It is so convenient	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Not a bad tablet for the price. Watch movies and browse internet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for reading but enjoy all the features from books to movies	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I do not know much about this tablet and have not quite figured out how to use it yet but it seems like a great little tablet for a first time user.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works well and easy to use. This is a great Camera for the price	Wired Headphones
Kindle fire is great for kids. Not only is there educational games, but if they break it they are not that expensive to replace. Also with Best buy you can get a replacement plan for them. This is the only tablet we will be getting for the kids for now on.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It bought this as a christmas gift for my friend. This is her first tablet and she loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I think this product works good. I would recommend it.	USB-C Charging Cable
We purchased these Kindle Fires for a reading contest sponsored by our club for the local elementary schools. They make really great incentives for students to read more and are a relatively inexpensive way to do so.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased as a gift for grandchildren after comments from friends and reviews about the parental controls. Would not have considered without this feature.	Google Phone
Easy to use, ton of cool kids features, awesome price	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my 9 year old and he absolutely loves it! The free pre installed apps, the High color resolution. The overall quality is great. Unfortunately no Google products are on this tablet and chromecast is not an option (amazon firestick ready). This is the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5	Lightning Charging Cable
The Fire Tab 7 is one of our favorite Tablets, and you can increase storage by adding an SD card. No reason not to get one unless you don't like saving money.	20in Monitor
The screen resolution is quite sharp & vivid, and the battery lasts a LONG time, but I found a major drawback: In a sense, it's like being confined to an AMAZON playground... big, yes, but accessing the BIGGER outside world can be a challenge. I often get sidetracked to AMAZON-authorized playthings, and getting around them, while doable, well, they don't make it easy. The only key is stubborn persistence.	Flatscreen TV
Its great love to watch my favorite shows and read books	Lightning Charging Cable
Set up was easy, downloading of apps easy for both of us. Has so many uses.	27in FHD Monitor
Holds a charge, easy to use, all in all great tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Amazon likes to push their content and this tablet shows that. A good amount of ads distract users at time. But overall a good tablet for a child to get entertained with.	20in Monitor
Great tablet for the basics. Mainly got this for reading. Not gonna use it for much else.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The unit itself is very simple to use, somewhat difficult to get connected at startup but once setup ran flawlessly. Memory a little small.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Durable and small, makes it easy for taking any where. Price isn't bad either.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great, basic tablet for my daughter. It gets the job done for most everything she needs (simple games, movies, etc). Work great with Netflix and Amazon Video. Make sure to get a nice protective case if you are buying one for a young child.	Vareebadd Phone
I was expecting a tablet good enough for the kids to play and download games, and I was told at BB that this product would work for these basic needs. It seems like everything I download needs to be through my Amazon account, very few items are for free, and everything takes forever to download and/or open. Wish I could return it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for on the go. Keep in mind that some apps are not compatible due to it being Amazon and not Android. Overall a good purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect size for on the go. Some apps aren't compatible due to it being an Amazon tablet vs Android. But an overall good purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and can't complain about the price. Able to watch Netflix and surf the internet easily	Google Phone
No complaints from a functional tablet that does all you need for a great price!	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy and convenient for my grandchildren, they really enjoy it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for sister's son who is enjoying it so far with the apps and games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet for one of my cousin's kids who is really enjoying this so far.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this during thanksgiving sale.. had already owned one.. Amazon could improve the UI for better user experience.	Lightning Charging Cable
works smoothly when typing search info to google things. constructed well. The casing is solid and well made. Operation of this tablet is great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My only complaint is that the charger does not fit in snugly to the device and I have replaced several devices as I could not get it to charge. They should take a look at Apple products and how they are constructed.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a gift for some kids in my family. Great tablet for reading and playing games/apps.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought this Amazon Fire product for me to perform a basic web search, reading, and watch video online. It is a good product; however it does not have enough space to store videos."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great little tablet for the price, It does everything I need it to do. It has tons of apps, easy to set up and use.	
"Bought 7"" Kindle fire for my daughter to surf the web and watch videos. Bought 32GB microSD card, loaded videos and install apps there as the device only has 8GB RAM internal. This kindle has a known issue with not recognizing the microSD card sometimes, which requires pulling the tablet out of the drop-proof case (a pain), removing and reinserting the SD card until the tablet recognizes it. Time consuming and frustrating. Amazon doesn't seem too concerned with fixing this issue. It's minor really. Video playback is fine, but web surfing on the child's profile for educational sites is slow/sluggish. Not a fan of Amazon's ads all over the place and their app store is limited. For the price, hard to ask a lot. It'll serve it's purpose."	Wired Headphones
Onsale is 39.99 is cheap , good for new stars tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
These are great tablets for anyone wanting to get into the tablet game. A friendly UI for just about anyone. Not to mention, for the price and being able to add an SD card for additional memory, makes this a great tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy inexpensive gift that you can rely on. Although i would rather have the Google play store as the main download application, it's Worth the money to buy for others.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is my son's 1st smart phone and so far, it does what he needs it to do.	Flatscreen TV
I buy this tablet for my kid for Christmas he really like it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Did what its suppose to do my kid loves it. Amazon keep up the great work	Google Phone
I purchased this for a Christmas gift to my niece she is learning a lot from it and it keeps her occupied with the games she loaded to it smart choice for first time tablet and its a great brand	Lightning Charging Cable
This product was very easy not only for my 7 and 8 year old nephews but it was rather easy for my 3 and 4 year old nephews to navigate as well. Still works from last year and thats why we purchased one this year for my niece.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great not just for adults but also kids. After having this tablet I'll never go back to a different brand.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Does everything we need. Light and portable. Bought 3 and no complaints.	Wired Headphones
My mother in law was so happy to get this tablet. She cried when she opened our gift at Christmas. It is easy to use and easy to navigate. She is a first time tablet user at almost 70 years old.. And has never used a smartphone either..she now spends most of her time on it. Great tablet for the price. Definitely recommend	Apple Airpods Headphones
One my favorite color ..................:.::::.::,	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for a kid and can't be beat at the $30 sale price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for anything I need to do on a tablet. Watch movies, play a few games, surf the web. Works great and is much faster than my old samsung tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for my 8year old son. Reliable and durable for this age group!	Wired Headphones
Very satisfied with it as wellbas the serv8ce received form sale person	Lightning Charging Cable
"So, I won't be able to go into super depth for this. I only needed a device to run one app. For my purposes, it literally has one job.I can say, for the price, it's far more responsive that I would have ever guessed. And the screen clarity is great. Good battery life.I was disappointed that the lock screen would always show ads. I don't have the package, and I don't recall it being forward with this fact. In the settings, I said I had to pay $15 to disable ads because ""in exchange for the subsidized price, they can do ads"" or something like that.I kinda get that, and for most people this may not be a big deal. But for my reasons, this is a bit unprofessional to have. So when buying it, whatever the price, you may have to shell out $15 more.Still, all said and done, good price for simple needs."	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the tablet! Got it for my niece and nephew! Great for beginners!!	Wired Headphones
I bought my wife the fire when they first came out a couple of years ago. She found it difficult to use and passed it onto our youngest son. He showed her all the features and when the latest fire came out, he bought one, showed us all it had to offer, she bought me one for Father's Day, and then she bought herself one. My son helped us set it up and showed us how to use all the featured it offered. We love it. We take it everywhere, especially in our travels. It is offered at a great price and I purchased two more for Christmas gifts along with the cases...Love them.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Since this is an Android 5 based tablet, I sideloaded a few necessary apps to allow it to be used essentially the same as an Android tablet, with Google play store, etc. The screen resolution, speaker, RAM are just only adequate. Otherwise, a good cheap tablet. Really need to ponder its utility before buying it.	Vareebadd Phone
There is not enough battery life to read comfortably. 7 hours, maybe.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Happy with purchase at sale price. Wouldn't have bought at full price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good device for anyone to use- simple, basic yet fun.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this tablet for my 7-year old grandson who likes to watch YouTube videos. For the price it was the best deal I got all Christmas.	Wired Headphones
Purchased for my 76 year old mother and she loves it. Easy to use and she can access all apps and flow with touchscreen options Great product	USB-C Charging Cable
I have bought four of these now. Great gifts and great for kids.	Wired Headphones
The perfect Christmas gift. Now my family all has one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for our toddler so our kids wouldn't fight over my oldest daughters. They love them.	Lightning Charging Cable
MY GRANDCHILDREN GOT THEIR TABLETS FOR CHRISTMAS AND THEY LOVE THEM, THEY USE THEM AT SCHOOL AND FOR GAMES AND MOVIES AFTER THEIR HOMEWORK IS DONE, VERY EASY TO USE AN PARENTAL CONTROLS ARE GREAT	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 3 year old and she loves it, it's perfect for her and if it breaks it wasn't an expensive device! Well worth it	LG Washing Machine
Bought this tablet on Black Friday for a little bit of a deal and it was too good to pass up. I don't use it as much as I thought I would but it's still really fun and easy to use. There is an advertisement on the lock screen but I'm willing to deal with it for the price. Battery life lasts a while and it's fairly easy to use and understand.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
easy to use light weight, I love the games it has.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my second tablet, my daughter love it, just the perfect gift.	Lightning Charging Cable
Im an Amazon fan so it was an easy decision to buy. Good battery life for music, movies and general web stuff. Fits my hand size well. Powers up quick. Screen brightness adjusts to any conditions. I would recommend buying in store cause I had to return 2 of them with a dead pixel. The one I have now has been good for several months.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was bought to replace my Kindle Fire that had lost its video. I haven't used it a lot yet, but what I've done seems to work good. 8gb of internal storage and up to 128gb additional with a sd card gives you plenty of room for pictures,games, ebooks or videos. I will probably rate it higher once I've used it more.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"The product would be great if it was easier to find the setting icon and if amazon wouldn't charge you a $1 for downloading applications that are labeled ""free."" The one dollar is automatically charged by amazon but you can dispute it with your Credit Company."	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought for my wife as a stocking stuffer.... Got for a great price after black Friday. She absolutely loves it. I have the older version of this and this version is way better	Google Phone
Just wish I could remove most of the Amazon apps other then that it's good for the kids.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old it's a good tablet for the 33 dollars I paid. I just wish I could remove some of the Amazon apps.	iPhone
This kindle replaces my older kindle. Love all it can do!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm a computer geek so I excited when my Wife go me a tablet for Christmas. I enjoy playing games, reading books/magazines, and like the small compact size with power.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have an Amazon Kindle and this one. The kindle from Best Buy comes with some features that the Amazon Kindle doesn't have or offer like screensavers.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Cheap device running Amazon's OS. No problems installing apps or using the device. Highly recommend for $49.99 (or $33.33 during Black Friday).	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my mum and she wanted it to watch movies in bed or download a book. It works well for this, but a manual would have been a boon as she is older and not tech savvy. It's not always easy or convenient for an older person to use new tech without a struggle. This wasn't too bad in the end, and she is enjoying it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
A lot of apps are incomplete. Doesn't run apps that great and has a lot of apps that are generic.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought for $40 for my toddler. Mostly used for Netflix and a few kid games.	USB-C Charging Cable
Like always a timely delivery. We have had these items before and we re purchased	27in FHD Monitor
Amazon makes a good inexpensive talent for basic functions	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I have purchased this tablet before and I""m very pleased with the performance and has not disappointed now or in the past."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this on sale for 33 dollars and I expected something different because of the low price. I would pay a hundred for a replacement if this one ever breaks. Very good product.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
great- easy to set up- great gift item- small and fits in purse!	Lightning Charging Cable
With parental controls, this is a great tablet for my grandson to use!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Didn't realize until after we bought it that there was no google play.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the tablet its exactly what i needed and also easy to use.	Google Phone
This is a good all around tablet for a nice price. I have one for me and one for my seven year old and haven't regretted it. I suggest it if you have Prime and love tech.Only con is the cameras which are a bit grainy but I use a phone for pics	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Inexpensive tablet that we bought 2 for the kids in the back of the car.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle Fire tablet is no cheap Android tablet -- it is snappy and responsive. The price is unbeatable! More than an e-Reader!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought 3 for kids... they stay charged through play all day (7-9 hrs) and have been dropped and slammed a few times already but still look perfect and work just like new	ThinkPad Laptop
Kindle Fire image are very clear and very helpful my kid love it I definitely recommend to buy it	Wired Headphones
I decided I need a device dedicated to my Amazon account so I purchased this. I have been using my iphone and ipad but wanted to have a device specifically for books. I've had kindles before and the products are so good.	Apple Airpods Headphones
bought for my grandson easy to use for him . durable enough for a four year old	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet is a good size for 4-8 years olds for their first one. After I bought and downloaded a few aps I realized that I should have gotten the tablet with more memory. Otherwise a good product. The table cover is a must to protect tablet	USB-C Charging Cable
A great tablet for a good price, it has the basics, works great for a child preferably.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves his kindle. Loves the layout of software. Easy to download apps. User friendly interface. Bought the 8GB storage but bought expandable external storage to make it more robust. Very durable. Love the child settings to limit use when necessary.	Wired Headphones
At the price of $39 you can't go wrong. Great mobile device that is bigger than trying to use phone.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this device to stream Netflix, Amazon Prime, and to play downloaded content. For that purpose it is sufficient. I wouldn't use a Fire Tablet as a productivity device as it is seriously underpowered. Fire tablet bogged down pretty quickly when I attempted to multi-task. Bottomline, this is not an iPad replacement - particularly if you like to do a variety of things on your tablet. But at $33 on sale, this was a very good deal for my purposes.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love my purchases and you should get one as well love it	USB-C Charging Cable
My child loves it workes flawlessly and does everything she like to do	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought 3 of these to use for tutoring kids at church. The program is just getting started but I think they will work great as a tool to help these kids. We will have some basic reading apps and educational games.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet was purchased for my son and was a great gift. Very kid friendly offering child safety options. Great price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
MY SO LOVE IT. EXCELENT FOR ENTRETAIMENT. AFFORDABLE PRICE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon always make a great product. Long lasting device that never over heats or cuts off while in use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
does what I want for a low price. I wanted something to browse the web that was bigger than my phone.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I highly recommend this item. This is my second purchase of kindle fire. I was so pleased with what you can do with the amazon kindle fire. If you buy i highly recommend getting amazon prime you will have access to so much free items that will keep your child busy from movies to books and more.	Wired Headphones
Bought this on black friday for my neice and she loved it...super cheap but very good tablet	iPhone
Great price for the tablet. My granddaughters love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent price, good quality, you can't ask more for so little money.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For what it's worth, it does what it needs to do!!	27in FHD Monitor
Bought for my 3 children ages 3,4,and 5. They all seem to love them. My only problem is the battery life is low so they are always complaining that they are shutting off.For a parent that is not to big a problem unless you work from home and are trying to keep them quite.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got this so my mother in law could Skype with my brother in law who lives in another country. Works well for that.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The table is great she use it to plsy games, read books and watch youtube.	USB-C Charging Cable
it is as good as it has been advertised like using a desktop!	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought this for our five yr old. We bought a case with a handle from amazon making it fairly durable. He enjoys the games. It is fairly easy to use and he is able to navigate on his own. I really like that you can set parental limits on it	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is actually a surprisingly effective device, given its price point and performance, and definitely exceeded my expectations!	Wired Headphones
This tablet and the size is perfect for kids. Amazon also offers unlimited kid activities, for a small price of course.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my grandson, fits his hands just right. Love that i could buy and sdcard to enlarge the memory. He loves it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Easy set up-great deal for the price! Perfect gift	Wired Headphones
It is a good cheap tablet. Lacks in performance but acceptable for price	LG Dryer
Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my nephew and he loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Has great picture, easy to use. Was able to put everything on it needed .easy download games	
My daughter loves it! This device provided all the services she wanted.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet 4 the price, already preloaded with amazon apps,easy-to-use	Wired Headphones
My daughter really enjoys this tablet. She can't basically do everything except call out.	Lightning Charging Cable
My kid love it I buy 2 for my 2 kid battery life Is all way last longer	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this tablet because it entertains my kid and he loves it	Wired Headphones
Great table for kids. Easy to use. Good Parental control.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I havent played it at all but my son enjoys playing with his. Thats what it was meant for so I cant complain.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for 10 and 8 yr old for xmas. They loved them. Excellent price as well. PErfect for this age group without buying a child tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased 3 of these as gifts and they are being used all the time. Great tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet was a gift for my office's white elephant exchange. Also bought one for my boyfriend. Great, inexpensive tablet for Amazon centric people.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet. Lots of features. Good memory and quick response when connected to wifi.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a really good tablet for young kids that loves kids apps.	
This item was not expensive but does a lot of more than tablets that cost more. I have purchased three with with two purchased last year with no issues	Bose SoundSport Headphones
An excellent product, easy on the eyes when reading. Lots of apps and access to a wide variety of books, catalogs, magazines and news outlets. I would highly recommend it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased the tablet for my Christmas Angel. He loved the tablet and case.	27in FHD Monitor
I picked up three of these during the holiday sales as gifts for family members. We have many Kindles that we use daily the last few years and been satisfied will all of them and Amazon offers all the content you could need for a base tablet. Great for adults or the kids (with a proper protective case). Books, video, music, and games...performs well on all. The only con I can think of is Amazon is a little weak in the app variety department, nowhere near the offering of iTunes but for the price and performance, this tablet can't be beat.	USB-C Charging Cable
Works great!! My brother loved it. It's easy to use!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Got for my 8 year old. The parental controls are nice. I wish the netflix app was registered as ""video"", so I could give him 30 minutes of games and 30 minutes of video. I'm sure this works with purchased videos, maybe prime, but not netflix. He Star Wars Commander, netflix, and reads books. It's a good size for little hands. It's great that as the parent, I can buy a book or game, and all devices can use it, even with each other if it's a multiplayer game. I bought a cheap case elsewhere that also props it up for hands-free video watching."	27in FHD Monitor
We purchased this tablet for my daughter for Christmas. She is in kindergarten, and her school allows them to take a device in to use in class. For $39 I couldn't beat that. Especially since i'm not going to send a 5 year old to school with an iPad!This tablet uses FireOS, which is Amazon's customized version of Android. Typically when I look at an android tablet, major deviations from vanilla Android will make me deduct ratings. The parental controls override any rating deduction in my mind. This tablet has the best parental controls I have ever seen! In addition, the alterations to the home screen make navigation pretty easy for my daughter. All in all this is a win win!The thing that has really impressed me has been the speed and responsiveness. Don't get me wrong, this is not a premium or flagship tablet by any means. With that being said, I have used Android tablets in this price range, and they are garbage! My wife has an insignia tablet that cost $70. It has a higher res screen and a few more features, but it nowhere near as responsive. When it dies it will probably be replaced by an Amazon Fire tablet!Keep in mind, Amazon is trying to hook you into their ecosystem. There are separate home screens for various types of content that Amazon delivers. Your books on one screen, or you can swipe to music on another, etc. From what I see there is no way to have more than one screen of apps. The nice thing about the Amazon ecosystem is that it is cross platform. They maintain apps for Android, iOS, Roku, Windows, MacOS, and so on. Also, their app store is not as extensive as the Google Play Store, so I may end up doing some side loading. That isn't hard, and instructional guides are available online for you.So in conclusion, this is a nice entry level tablet. I would bump up to the Fire HD8 for the extra features if buying for myself. However if buying for younger children or if you're really tight on cash you can't beat it! My twin boys are about to turn 3, and these might be on their list for birthday time!	iPhone
This is the fourth Kindle I bought as a gift. Perfect for any occasion.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
These kindles are the perfect gift for kids (and adults) of all ages! Everybody in my family owns one and we use them daily!	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a Christmas present to our 4 year old grandson and he loves it. He was so excited when he opened it on Christmas! It is a perfect tablet for a 4 year old!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like it so much as it comes with Alexa with new OS. You can download all the cool apps that u need. Worth the money we spend.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It is an awesome tablet. I purchased one for my granddaughter for Christmas.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Okay but needs a lot of improvements, but for simple stuff is good.	Wired Headphones
Great starter kit for a child. Highly recommended.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"Got for my 4 year old. The parental controls are nice. I wish the netflix app was registered as ""video"", so I could give him 30 minutes of games and 30 minutes of video. I'm sure this works with purchased videos, maybe prime, but not netflix. He plays Star Wars Angry Birds and Star Wars Commander and loves them. It's a good size for little hands. It's great that as the parent, I can buy a book or game, and all devices can use it, even with each other if it's a multiplayer game. I bought a cheap case elsewhere that also props it up for hands-free video watching."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome deal awesome price and nowadays who needs a pc when u can get a tab	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my mother for book reading. It's bigger than her phone and holds more. She really likes it.	Wired Headphones
This is prerfict for my kids and my needs! We love reading the books and when a game is wanted or watching Netflix it is so easy!	27in FHD Monitor
This is a great little tablet for little kids or people that only wants to read novels.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am happy to report that the kids are happy with their gifts.	USB-C Charging Cable
My 8 yr old twin had a tablet previously and we have no idea where it's at. So this time around I didn't want to spend much but wanted her to be able to go to all her fav websites. So far I love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Happy with my purchase. This product keeps my nephew occupied for hours.	Lightning Charging Cable
Kids love it. Everything in one tablet for kids to do. Kid friendly.....	Wired Headphones
Gift for my wife. She likes it a lot. very happy with it. Thinks it is better than the Samsung she was using. Great buy for the money.	20in Monitor
We bought a Samsung washer and a drier. Product quality is great and the customer service too	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Fast and easy to use. Kid friendly :) Simple to navigate, clear and clean picture.	iPhone
My grandson loves i. He takes it everywhere with him and he never leaves it	USB-C Charging Cable
Very good item for the money was happy with my purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a starter tablet for my mom. Easy to use with great price	Lightning Charging Cable
My son loves it he wants to get the card for expanding memory it's a real good value and works great	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a great little computer quick browsing great camera	Apple Airpods Headphones
I really like my fire. So much to do and easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this tablet. Easy to use and has a lot of features.	Apple Airpods Headphones
With these being on sale for $33, we couldn't pass up the deal. These tabletd are perfect for younger kids.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
A great cheap alternative to expensive tablets. It has everything that an expensive tablet has. I am giving 4 stars because the camera lens is not very good, but then again what do you expect for something under $40 bucks.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle fire is a really great tablet when your at home or out at your local after school study place. It has great battery life for doing your home work or just reading your e-mail.	27in FHD Monitor
"I got this as a second Kindle e-reader as well as an educational and leisure tablet. I also have a Kindle Keyboard; I thought that I wasn't going to enjoy reading on the Fire because of the back-light, but it is very adjustable and has a setting to turn the blue-light off for reading at night. I also wanted my kindergarten students to be able to use it educationally; it has a kid mode with great parental settings and an option to pay $2.99 a month for tons of awesome content!"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I just use this to watch Hulu and AmazonPrime videos, and HBO. The one complaint I have is that there's no HDMI output, so when I travel, I can't hook it up to the hotel tv to watch.	
I personally have 3 of these in my home and we love them. I love the fact that I can set restrictions for my kids. Great product	Wired Headphones
I wanted a tablet quickly on limited funds.I not only got one but I got a very good one and with the addition of more storage space, it was justwhat I needed.	27in FHD Monitor
Purchased for one of my granddaughters and she loves it. The price was right and it works great.	USB-C Charging Cable
We debated in getting the larger or smaller screen and I'm glad we went with the larger one. My son uses it every day and loves it!	ThinkPad Laptop
we got it in a deal of the day and gifted to my friend. HE is happy about this product	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a good tablet for my 8 year old daughter. There are parental controls, and it can access the web.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its great to use for you're everyday work and recreation	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought to replace broken Kindle screen. Cheaper to buy new then replace screen.	ThinkPad Laptop
This makes my phone way to big can't fit in pockets	Wired Headphones
I purchase a fire after my nook died. I had problems with the first one saying I was connected to the web , but not being able to connect. Took it back and the geek squad looked at it and after trouble shooting for a while, they decided there was something wrong with it, so I exchanged it for another one. We set it up and it worked initially, then I went home and the same thing happened as with tg first one. So I took it back and got my full refund . While not happy with product, best buy customer service made me happy.	Wired Headphones
Great for surfing and shopping! Can't beat the price!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I didn't want to spend a fortune on something, I just needed a quality tablet to read my books, check email, play on Pinterest and Twitter, etc. This price is phenomenal for the quality. I actually bought one as a gift a few weeks later.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have purchased the cheaper tablets. They never last. I purchased this for my brother who is never in one place long. He is able to stay connected and enjoys carrying this tablet everywhere.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter love it so much and she love caring it around with her	Wired Headphones
For the cost of this tablet it is amazing. You can upgrade the storage via a microSD card so you won't run out of room. The Amazon version of android is easy to navigate and if you have a prime membership can't be beat.	ThinkPad Laptop
I purchased this as a drawing for my business. Everyone was very excited about the prize.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the reader, nice and small. What i don't like is if you have a very secure wifi system at home, it does not let you set it up. I had to go to my daughters house and set it up. That is a bit alarming. It should be more secure since the only way we can put items on there is by putting our information on it that can be compromised. Make it more secure and easy to put protection on it. That is the only reason I didn't make it a 5 star product.	LG Dryer
I purchased 2 I share one with 2 small children also purchased an SD card games shows movies books galore the expandable memory is the best	Wired Headphones
Works great, he can enjoy his apps without interruption. Now we just need one for his younger brother since the only negative thing is that he wants to take it away every day.	USB-C Charging Cable
I paid about 33% less than the going price for this. I can't complain for any reason on this based on what was paid. Is it the perfect tablet, well, there are some limitations, however, I've paid far more in the past for comparable tablets that didn't offer any more than this. I picked up multiple ones and they are scattered through the house and all being put to use.	Wired Headphones
It's a decent quality tablet for the money. One complaint is the speakers are weak. Have to cup my hand around the speaker side to get some good feedback. The Silk Browser seems to have issues with search engines. Just switching the search engine fixes it though.I got this for when the power goes out at my house. It's served to let me watch netflix. With a bluetooth keyboard it seems adequate for messaging and writing out notes.Video quality is good enough. Though that has more to do with not being super picky about it. I'm considering gifting my dad one of these this year. He commented that the quality looked good. Another complaint would be the amazon app store is limited. No Clash Royale. Which is the only mobile game I actually enjoy. I'm sure there's a way around this. But I'm really not interested in digging around for it. So for the most part it's a good solid low end tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted a cheap tablet to watch movies on. It streams all apps well ( Netflix, YouTube, and others). The only complaint is the internet browser is garbage. I also have a fire tv and 2 fire sticks. Amazon products work well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon makes a great tablet unbelievable that it only cost $50 bucks. The processor lags just a little bit but other than that everything about this tablet I love.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very good for the price. A lot of good, free games.	Flatscreen TV
Very easy to use. Many various apps available. Great for reading and games. I would highly recommend it as a very easy use tablet for beginners and children.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Loved my other kindle, but love this new one even more. Particularly enjoy the thinner size and lighter weight.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great product bought it for my youngest daughter and she loves it. Would recommend to anyone.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it and stays on it.	ThinkPad Laptop
For the price this works fine as a reader. I had the original Fire and was disappointed when it quit charging. I'm hoping that I don't have the same problem with this.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a nice handy tablet. Performance is good for the money paid. Will recommend if you are not downloading too any things.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was just looking for a tablet that wasn't expensive and had good quality graphics and I was please with my purchase.	Flatscreen TV
I bought 2 of these. My 4 and 8 year olds each have their own. For $50, I think you'd be hard-pressed to find a better product. We used the Amazon unlimited trial for a month, and have just been using free apps since. Good buy.	27in FHD Monitor
Needed something to use when out and about and this was perfect	Apple Airpods Headphones
I m hoping that it doesn't have the same battery port charging issues that the first generation had.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet is great for the money. My boys still prefer the iPad but they still have fun on this tablet. Charge holds decent and selection of games is sufficient. Overall 4 out of 5 is solid given the value of this device.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I will not recommend this one, do slow and I ended up returning this product	Lightning Charging Cable
Got two of these for the grandkids, they just love them. We also have a Kindle Fire. We use these for reading, playing games, etc.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for my brother in law who just needed something to surf the web. Set up was easy and he was on the internet within minutes of unboxing.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my daughter and it was worth it. Everything works well. Camera is good. My daughter watches her shows without problems.	Wired Headphones
I use it in my commute to watch videos. this serves the purpose for me.pros: 1. cheap2. handy3. Good for kidscons: 1. slow if we have multiple things running2. 8gb is not sufficient3. This has amazon store which doesn't have all apps	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought twos when this tablet on sale, reinstalled the Android Open Source Project, and turned the tablet into a smooth-running, battery-efficient tablet without any bloatware. Very happy with the purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Both of my kids purchased one of these and love them. They are inexpensive and so far durable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it , I use it everyday with my grandkids for homework	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon kindle fire tablet looks sleek just like a galaxy tablet. It functions well for its price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this for my daughter, and she loves it.	20in Monitor
I bought this for myself to have but once my kids got a hold on it was there's. Great tablet for a great price. All you need is a good wifi and enjoy.	20in Monitor
I bought this tablet for my step daughter, who asked for a tablet. She threw a fit because she wanted a more expensive tablet. I only returned it because I already have a tablet and didn't need another. I would not have a problem recommending the Amazon Fire Tablet to those looking for an economical tablet for a child	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am very satisfly with product and service provide	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle I purchased is a good and expensive tablet useful for reading and internet. It does have a lot of apps already loaded that I do not plan to use and do not know how to delete. I mainly use the Kindle Fire for Facebook and occasionally get on the internet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Fast processing , Large app store, fast charge,High quality picture. Quality of tablet housing durable. My son loves it putchased as a bday gift. At a wonderful price under $40.00 while on sale	USB-C Charging Cable
I was severely disappointed that the tablet has only 5.63 G when the packaging said it had 8 G. It was purchased because of the promised 8. It functions well, otherwise.	ThinkPad Laptop
Keeps my daughter busy, lots of app choices indeed	Wired Headphones
bought for a 10 year old granddaughter but our 32 year old daughter loves hers also	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchased two Fires that were on sale. The quality, speed and display can't be beat for less than $50 by any other company. And having the ability to expand it's capacity with a Micro usb card is definitley a plus.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to order items from Amazon right from your tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have bought 3. 2 were for gifts and everyone loves the tablet.	Wired Headphones
a nice tablet for a very good price. It has everything other expensive tablets do.	
If is better for the price , I bought fur the kids.	ThinkPad Laptop
Except unlike the Millennium Falcon this doesn't have it where it counts. Software is a mess. I didn't expect much from a $50 tablet but man was it painful to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought for my kids and very easy to use, and made homework easier	USB-C Charging Cable
This item was purchased for seniors to keep them up to date with what is on the internet without the expense of a laptop. they love it and the ease of operation,.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought for Grandchildren, they loved it. We downloaded videos from vacation for them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect size reader, no fuss, websurfing, videos, netflix, hulu, no problem	USB-C Charging Cable
Flashed CM 12 runs great. Runs all the regular android apps and got rid of the amazon skin	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Battery seems to drain quickly. Otherwise very happy with this device! Great price!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love the kindle fire. WI'll be buys kids one for Christmas	Flatscreen TV
love it, great hd, smooth streaming with sd card--I've bought 3 as gifts and one for myself I like them so much	Lightning Charging Cable
A great and a very affordable tablet. Very compact and i love it.	iPhone
Everything you need to surf the web, watch videos and take care of business. . .all in the palm of your hand.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a good tablet if you aren't expecting ipad quality. A great tablet for price. Good for surfing the web and netflix.	Vareebadd Phone
Excellent product especially for price. Used by my younger daughter.	27in FHD Monitor
My old Kindle finally wouldn't charge any more so I went to Best Buy to see if it could be fixed. Too bad! It couldn't! SOOOO, I got a new one that is amazing! And it is so user-friendly I figured out how to borrow books from the library all by myself! Couldn't be any more pleased.	
my 5 years old love her new tablet, at this price it'a steal.	Lightning Charging Cable
i bought it for my 2 year old, he loves it and will not put it down until he fall asleep	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought two of these for gifts for our parents. Very easy to use. Good size.	USB-C Charging Cable
we got our 14 year old an Amazon Fire for Christmas. The screen was broken a couple months ago. She liked it so well that she used her own money and bought a new one.	Wired Headphones
Perfect for what it is a cheap tablet, i bought it for my dad and he loves it	Macbook Pro Laptop
The screen resolution isn't the best but it's great for the price. Does everything you need from a tablet. Some components like cameras aren't great but all in all its one darn good tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
Although it's an inexpensive tablet it packs a lot of stuff! It will do just about anything you want with great speed. Don't hesitate to buy this!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Birthday gifts for both of my teenagers. They can do the social media that they enjoy and complete things for school and they love the camera!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product. I bought it because I travel alot now	20in Monitor
I've used a Nook for years but I'm beginning to like this tablet better. Charges very quickly.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It offers many more options than I was looking for. It is easy to use	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Seems fast with plenty of storage space, bought it for my 9 year old grandson and he loves it	Wired Headphones
We liked this product a lot! Web surfing and Skype is great	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great, good value. Only problem is display is not bright enough when outside.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got it on sale for 35$ great tablet but pretty heavy and thick. Great for kids	USB-C Charging Cable
My iPad 2 is starting to show its age . As it tends to slow, I thought of getting a newer version. Instead I saw this advertised and couldn't pass it up. Been a great decision so far.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you are looking for something that will do your daily normal stuff, its a good buy.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this device for my younger ones and honestly they enjoying the device. I love the screen resolution I'm happy they like it . Thanks Best Buy !!	27in FHD Monitor
"I couldn't pass up this""deaL of the day"" - a tablet for under $35! The Fire is a great basic tablet. I wish the sound was better but that can be addressed via a Bluetooth speaker."	USB-C Charging Cable
Device is very simple but well worth the money. Making it a great value.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For under fifty dollars this little , durable , expandable tablet can't be beat!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
I've found this to be an excellent tablet for children for the following reasons:Free Time Unlimited- You can create individual profiles for up to five children, and they can have access to a wide assortment of age appropriate apps, videos, and books. If you purchase the Kid's bundle a year of Free Time Unlimited is included with the tablet along with a shock absofbing case.Price Performance- You get a relatively powerful tablet for the $49.00 price tag. If you subscribe to Amazon Prime this tablet becomes a great travel companion. Prime allows you to download movies and TV episodes to your tablet for later viewing. This is a handy feature for me since I travel for work, and spend a good deal of time on planes. Cons: The only drawback I've found is the Web browser. It's not supported on in flight WiFi, but the ability to download from Prime for later viewing balances that out. I will experiment with side-loading Chrome and see if it works.	Wired Headphones
Decent product that has great value. Definitely buy again for a gift	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
love the fire 7, perfect size, very light, i have it with me all the time.	Wired Headphones
just got it for price, was replacement as gift. friend likes it	ThinkPad Laptop
I love my kindle. Silk is a fast and easy way to access the webI can read books on my kindle anywhere once I download them to my kindle. I have over 300 books on the Cloud. It holds a charge for days when idle. Downside. Hard to read outside due to glare	ThinkPad Laptop
Gave it as a gift to a middle schooler. He loved it. Light, good monitor and decent speed.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I always take me tablet when I go to get my hair done. It makes time go by faster when I'm under the hair dryer!!	Wired Headphones
For the price, can't beat the quality of this product. I use it in conjunction with my Prime account to watch online and download movies to watch off line. Also like that it has a memory card slot for expansion.	Wired Headphones
I got this as a Deal of the Day for use as an utility tablet. It has good performance and a great display. It's very good as a reader.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire tablet is definitely not the best tablet out there, but it's definitely the best at this price point. It has all of the features I was looking for without the fluff. It may be limiting if you don't have an Amazon account, but it's not a deal breaker. I think this is a great tablet for those who aren't looking for all of the bells and whistles.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 2 fires for older friends. 55-60 years old. They run jw library app on it. It has never given them any problems. I used the tablets before I gave them to my friends and they seemed reliable and plenty fast. A nice simple tablet, and the best price. A good intro to a tablet	iPhone
Bought this for niece amd nephews. Was easy to set up and they loved it!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I mainly used this device to control some home automation items in the house and to watch quick youtube videos. For its price, it is a great device, do not expect it to be the greatest tablet out there.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Loveeeeeeeee........................................	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought this for a handicapped friend. He is bedridden and can now access the world.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is a great economy tablet for personal use (reading or watching movies). It's great gift idea as well.	Wired Headphones
I just wanted something to carry in my purse for not a lot of money. This is perfect. Just jump on wifi and check emails or keep up with my books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm buying two more for my daughters. The tablet has become a useful tool for my family	Wired Headphones
Easy to use and quick to set up. Even kids love to use it and pictures are good.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Already had one and I love it so I purchased another one.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I am pretty impressed with this Amazon Fire tablet.I've had many iPads over the years, currently have an iPad Air 2, and this Fire tablet is very nice.Great screen, very responsive, lots of options, reliable wifi.I can't believe this thing only costs 50 bucks!This may replace my iPad.	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this tablet for my daughter and she loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandson loves his. He uses it mainly for social media like Instagram and ovoo.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Gotten for my granddaughter and she uses it all the time. Other than having to charge so much because of frequent use, there have been no problems with it. Good purchase!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have had a nook for years and had a difficult time switching over to kindle despite the amazing reviews, but I couldn't pass up the price of this product. I was very pleasantly surprised with how great it is and I now use it all the time. I'm even thinking about getting my toddler one for christmas.	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet for my son. He used it for mainly games. I though he would like reading his books on it but he prefers the actual book vs digital books. It works great, fast, and vibrant colors. I play with it on occasion. It fits in my hand at night and it's larger than my phone but not as expensive as other tablets. All in all it was worth the money.	Wired Headphones
I purchased the Fire Tablet with expectations of a average performing tablet at best. I was surprised to see that the tablet performed way better than expected and is still doing so. I would recommend this tablet to anyone that wants a good performing tablet without a HD screen.	20in Monitor
"I was pleasantly surprised that I have enjoyed the Kindle Fire. This was my first ever use of buying books on Kindle due to summer courses I was taking at the time in May/June 2016. WHAT I LIKED- Kindle Books Synched on MacBook and Fire tablet: very helpful when it came time to write my papers. The highlights I made while I read the book on the tablet synched to the version I read on the MacBook desktop. This helped a ton, especially with things like formatting the footnotes.- Watching Videos: cool little feature while you watch a video you can tap the screen and it will list the actors who are currently one the screen. - Amazon Shopping: I can now understand people's Amazon shopping addictions.l I will give it to Amazon, this tablet became my gateway to using Prime and countless hours of online browsing. Prior to this I rarely purchase items online, I can see how they have made it so easy across platforms. - Portability: I like that I will bring this with me for my general online browsing and reading needs rather than having to use my laptop or my phone. WHAT I DID NOT LIKE- Sign-on Screen Ads:There is no way to turn them off. I suppose for $39/49 depending if you purchased on a sale, the advertisers are subsidizing the cost of the tablet. However, I wished this was stated as a ""feature"" before purchasing it, I may have paid the money and upgraded to the next Kindle if I had known it could not be turned off. - Turning Off/Standby Mode: This took some time to get used to rather than an issue. When you turn the tablet off, it is really on a standby mode so the batteries will drain. You have to hold the button a little longer and make sure it is turned OFF. - Weather App: I don't know if this is just my tablet, the weather app does not update as soon as you open it. It takes minutes if at all to update with the current weather. I have not been able to find in any forums if other people are experiencing the same issue. I have instead downloaded and used other weather apps. But at this point the app is worthless. - Screen Resolution: It's not the best, but I got used to it. For reading and occasional video viewing purposes it is sufficient. - Screen Dimmer/Blue Light Mode: I read and use the tablet at night, and have gotten sensitive to the brightness of the tablet screen. And the system's default dimmer and Blue Light feature is awful. The Blue light app allows you to set the color tone however, it is so orange it makes it unreadable. The app I use instead is called Bluelight Blocking. And even dimming the brightness with the slider was still too bright for me. So I have had to download the app Dimly so be able to set the brightness."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Whether you're a beginner or an expert, this tablet will appeal to you! Easy to understand tutorials, smooth animations, and more user friendly than Android or Apple products (and yes I own some of Samsung's and Apple's latest mobile devices) $49 is an amazing price! Best worth per dollar spent!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am very pleased with this tablet. It is easily portable, user-friendly and has good battery life	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My friends kids loved them. Perfect for kids 6 and up. Would def. recommend	Wired Headphones
I am in love with the tablet. It is a perfect tablet for me to use at home and on the road for basic internet tasks. I am able to download apps and also use it as a reader. I love it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased the tablet for my niece as a replacement for a stolen one of a different brand. Easy to use, set up and connect. Great application selection. Best of all is the affordability with all you get.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Great tablet for anyone. works perfect. of course I would rather have a 10"" but for the price this works great"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids get kind of lost when they use this product. It does have everything but is not as user-friendly as I hoped it would be.	Wired Headphones
fully understand this is a budget tablet, but the memory size and quality of screen are not to par	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is an amazing product doesn't matter if u buy for a kid or an adult either one will absolutely love it I have 2 !!! Totally recommend it	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought an Amazon Fire Reader and it is great. I am able to read books and take it wherever I go.	USB-C Charging Cable
Not the best and the brightest in the market. Bought two of them and one got damaged within the second month. Best buy was not taking it back and amazon asked a price of a whole new one for repair. Good price though but high possibility that the product might not last too long.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very pleased with the Kindle Fire. Great price too!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife bought this for my 6 year old son after his Nabi-Tab went south. Overall has been a solid purchase	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This 7 inch tablet has just enough power to let you do your daily tasks, it's touchscreen is fantastic with a decent display resolution. It will give you everything that you will need from a good tablet. The only downside is the camera. I wish the front camera should have been of attest of one mega pixel.	Google Phone
It's a great tablet for the price... my kids love it...great parental controls	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought for husband's grandmother. Works great for her, she has not called for help after setting it up with her:)	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my 6 year old and he loves it. So easy to use and navigate.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love it but ended up returning for the HD8. Would recommend it to anyone.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i like this tablet its small fast & is just as good as any other tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son liked it very much. He's able to read a lot of books online now.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very well built, enjoy reading on it and streaming video	LG Washing Machine
Great gift for kids. Play a long time with battery life.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was really surprised by how long the battery still holds charge when not in use. Screen is awesome for a low res.	Wired Headphones
"Purchased this for a gift for a 75 year old, who is enjoying it as she learns all of the ""amazing things it can do!"" She loves playing solitaire and downloading current books to read before she goes to bed at night. Easy, fun, inexpensive tablet for even the least tech savvy people! :)"	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
for $50 this tab does what it is supposed to do. It has the gaming apps and social networking apps. You can take photos and videos. Its like a poor man's ipad.	Wired Headphones
Great little tablet! The expandable memory makes this quite a bargain!	Wired Headphones
This is my third Kindle, first two worked out great for my kids so I got another. Great value for money	Flatscreen TV
Got this for Mom to replace an aging iPod she was using. She is reluctant to adopt any new technology but I have loaded all of her apps and saw her on occasion slowly warming up to the device. The only issue I have with Amazon Fire devices is that not all Google Play store apps can be installed. For example you cannot have access to Google Hangouts which Mom would like to use. Anyhow it is a good overall device for people who are starting to use new tech items.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Bought it for my granddaughter. She had an older Kendal which she gave to her younger brother but not a Amazon Fire 7"" Tablet. She loves it."	USB-C Charging Cable
Price is nice but performance was not. Sluggish to the point of frustration even to my 4 year old. Would be fine as ereader or maybe basic web device.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice kids tablet for a decent price. I bought it for a road trip.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire is a great tablet with many free apps for kids. I set parental controls to prevent internet access. My only issue is that the Amazon App Store doesn't offer the YouTube Kids app. Other than that he's had the the tablet for about 4 mths & we've had no issues.	Lightning Charging Cable
Don't like that Amazon has so many ads going on this thing. Makes it pretty not fun to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Present for daughter. It is a good tablet at a great price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great buy for the price. We currently own 4 of them. Buying my grandson one for Christmas too.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is just the right size.. my baby was ale to use it on plane. But i would recommend a bumper if you buy for kids.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Exactly what I needed at an affordable price! GREAT purchase!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the money you just can't beat this little tablet!! I have used it quite heavily! I used it during a trip I took and had to rely on it while my computer was in the shop for over a week and it has performed beautifully!! I would recommend this product to anyone!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet gets the job done! It is a 50 dollar tablet, so know it is limited in what it can do. It does what I purchased it to do. Basically read email, watch videos and to do social media. You shouldn't compare it to a higher end tablet. NOT the same! You'll have no complaints if you know going into purchasing, you get what the price reflects!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
All I've used this tablet is for books and it's great for it.	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this tablet for my 6 year old and he loves it,so do i.	27in FHD Monitor
Good and performance is also good worth the money spent	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet has been a huge lifesaver. Not only do I have movies for my son on my tablet but I also have my games and his games so it keeps the whole family happy. It's super user-friendly so even my one year old can figure it out. Connecting to Wi-Fi is super simple and it has amazing features. The speakers on it are amazing. I catch things in the movies we watch more on this tablet than I do on my own TV. All around family friendly tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its light weight, i do not care for the amazon app store..Android is so much better..I cannot get all the app I need from amazon..the amazon Kindle is a nice size and light weight..	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this for my mom and she loves it. She had been using a Kindle in the past and needed something new.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very satisfied with the product, I have one for each of my kids now and for that the price point is amazing. I have a pretty big beef with best buys in store customer service at this point, I ordered a different color to help keep my kids kindles separated between them. The color I ordered for my 6 year old came in but they sent the 16 gig rather than the 8 gig. Instead of GIVING me the color my 6 year old ordered the customer service agent behind the counter absolutely INSISTED that they couldn't do that and canceled the order making me take one of the colors we already had and at least temporarily disappointing my 6 year old son who did not get the color he had wanted. Very very dissatisfied with best buy customer service on this and this insadent will make me question some of my future purchases with best buy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for the price! Quality brand and service	Lightning Charging Cable
it's a bit small but it has a nice amount of space	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the tablet. It's easy to watch your favorite shows	Apple Airpods Headphones
My granddaughter loves this. It is perfect for her to play her games and entertain herself for a long time.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great easy little computer to have if you just want something to access the internet that doesn't require a phone contract. We are using it to run training videos off our training website so we can do shoulder to shoulder training. Works out great for that.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price, its really a nice little device....	Lightning Charging Cable
It washer, it vacuums and it dries the floor in one easy touch.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a replacement for a kindle It is a good device.	Google Phone
Compared to the Galaxy kids tablet, this was a better deal and more durable for children below 12 yrs. old.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought it for my nephew and he loves it, he thinks me for every weekend he comes over with it !	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the Amazon Fire. It's very similar to other tablets without the heavy price tag.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love this size. It fits in my purse perfect. Love all the features it offers. The price was the best part.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I only use it for some apps and that's it. It's pretty nice	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love this product ! It is an awesome deviceThank you for selling this at a good price	Google Phone
So glad had opportunity to purchase for only $33! Amaazing tablet for Septagenarian. Always wanted a Kindle but not at original prices. Will use more for internet but also as reader. Not into games but would be fabulous for a youngster. Prime is great!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good value has all functions needed and good screen size	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good tablet for kids. Can use for gaming and school work	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my son with a 32gb memory. He uses it for school and play.	Lightning Charging Cable
I saw that Best Buy had a great deal on this and I was looking for a smaller sized tablet for all the Kindle books I have bought or ordered. The item shipped pretty quickly and I did have issues setting it up but once I got through that I fell in love. I quickly downloaded my books to the Kindle and surfed online with ease. This was a great deal!	Wired Headphones
I got this for my kids and they love it its not slow very fast easy to use user friendly	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Fire is great for trips. The airplane mode is easy to find and it's nice having access to amazon prime video.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"The 7"" fire tab is a good buy for the money, especially if you got it when it was on sale for 35.00."	USB-C Charging Cable
For $50 i wasnt expecting high end screen resolution.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My mom bought this for my sister, she loved it. Great gift!	Lightning Charging Cable
i bought this as a gift for my mother in law. she loves it. it does what she likes for it to do, video games, facebook, etc.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my son as a replacement for his damaged tablet. What a great deal this is. I reccomend it fully.	Wired Headphones
It is amazing that a quality tablet is this reasonable. I got a special price, but, even at $50, it's a deal. The down sides, not enough to rate it low, would be the apps are not Play Store, though the OS is android based. You may not find certain apps you want, but, there are many in the Amazon store to choose from. Also, the screen savers are ads, but you can pay $15 and Amazon will take them off.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Decent performance but sometime do lag a bit, screen resolution is a bit low for someone coming from a Galaxy S6 and Note 7. But for $33 (got on a sale) you can't expect top end product. Installed Google Play Store without needing root, so I can share my normal adroid app even though this is running fire OS	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet works just as well as the big name one at half the price	USB-C Charging Cable
Seriously awesome tablet for the price. Lots of additional apps to make this an awesome buy	USB-C Charging Cable
it has a good picture low price. used for vacation condo.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good for streaming content, but lacks apps found on other devices	Lightning Charging Cable
the amazon fire tablet is a fantastic deal for the price. the amazon app store is great and this tablet has speed and a great screen for the price point you can't go wrong	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my daughter to play learning games on and to watch movies on in the car. It is great!!! It was easy to setup a kids account so I could limit what she had access too, and I got to pick what she could see! Great features for all the family!	Wired Headphones
Good devices except you can't find some apps you only can get it from Google Play Store instead of Amazon App Store. You have to learn how to side load apps if you want to install apps that you can't find from Amazon App Store.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Functional for anything you want to do. Not extremely fast but works pretty great	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I would recommend this tablet for parens. My kids love this tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price for an awesome tablet. Awesome tablet to read my books.	USB-C Charging Cable
Integration with Family library a bit tricky in case you have some books kiddos should not see (ahem, 50 Shades....) but the device is a reliable winner! No complaints and 3000+ pages read later there are 2 boys who rediscovered reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
bought for my grand Daughter who loves it, replaced and older Kindle, this works much better for her.	Apple Airpods Headphones
such a very good tablet, with great apps and very easy to use. bought for an 11 year old grandson who is very happy with it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have several of these, one for everyone in the family. Very inexpensive and everyone is happy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was bought for my 3 year old. He loves it and it's great. There is one caveat though. It is loaded with ads. Everytime the tablet is turned on or screen locked there are amazon ads. Because of this I now have a new 250.00 vacuum that was accidentally ordered. So make sure 1 click buying is disab k ed	Wired Headphones
Decent tabletPerforms ok You really get what you pay forDo not expect anything special with this tablet. It works. Does what its meant to do and nothing more. Having a Prime subscription is a must but not a requirement to take full advantage of this tablet. Its pretty much an Amazon Portal for all the services they offer. Great for my son streaming his shows like Sesame Street, PBS, etc Netflix works fine as well	Bose SoundSport Headphones
enjoying this tablet. purchased so I could have a bigger screen for shopping when I don't wanna pull my laptop out. so far it is serving the purpose. didn't know it came in colors until I opened it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my 2 years old son, and he loves it. I installed few kids games, enough to keep him busy and learn colors, shapes, animals, etc. Best Buy delivered the tablet on time as promised. Very satisfied with the purchase.	Vareebadd Phone
great tablet for my four years old son. he had been through three other cheap tablets. this is far better built for a toddler. especial for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my mother who is 84. Excellent tablet for the beginner.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I am very happy to buy this product it's of vey less price and really useful for kids to learn new things	USB-C Charging Cable
Originally purchased to practice rooting Android devices. Started using it and determined that I liked it so much I did not root it.It is by design and understandable and expected that it is tied to Amazon everything. Books, music, mp3 all are available through Amazon Underground. Not as many and maybe not your favorite apps are available but it is loaded with many offerings. NOTICE: by design, the tablet downloads and stores all files to an SD Card, if one is inserted. Solidly built, it will withstand child's play. The resolution is not super high but is very good for its size. I read using this tablet and the text is very clear. In fact, I use text readability as the test for evaluating a tablets resolution. After start up, you can go through simple process to connect this device with your Amazon account. This to allow purchases on the tablet. The parental controls are top notch. You can limit or allow as little or as much websites connections, limit purchases also. You can also load Google play on this tablet. With a little searching and downloading of files, you can download and play all Google Play Store Apps.-battery life is good.-speaker is good, single speaker only.-Blue Tooth connection easy. NOTE: if you have Sync (Microsoft) installed in your vehicle, the tablet will connect but has trouble reconnecting! It is Microsoft, what can you expect. You will have to unpair, delete from Sync then reconnect to get it to work in your vehicle.-I use this as my beater tablet for use outside as I do yard work, play music while in the shower (steamy environment), and when running around town. -It has 128GB SD Card expansionFor the money get more than one. I have 5 total and have given away several more as gifts.	Wired Headphones
nice tablet for the price able to browse internet with ease	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product and price service in the store could have been better	ThinkPad Laptop
I purchased this on sale for about $38.Worth every penny and more! Not only do my regular Kindle books look awesome backlit but now I can by or checkout from the online library comics and graphic novels as well as tv episodes and movies. It looks great and (after a year or so) I will be ready to upgrade to HD.	iPhone
"Everyone knows ""kindle fire"". When these went on sale I grabbed a few up to use as kiosks for our PTA. Little did I know that fires run a ""special"" operating system, not a standard android. The 2 apps I needed to run were not available on kindle store. After much research I found a work around but it was very frustrating."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This item is light downloads come in fast , built great and has a lot of bells and whistles too . Great for beginners and kids .	USB-C Charging Cable
Many features this tablet has and is a great price!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Because the Amazon Fire 7 is a very inexpensive tablet, you cant really expect much out of it or compare it to an iPad. It is a great budget tablet for very light gaming and watching videos. My primary use for it is for video consumption.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Yhis tablet is great for the price. You could do almost anything another table can do for that's 5x the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a birthday gift for my grandson. He loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great item. Price was good. Very happy with my purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Replaced this tablet after the kids got hold of my mom's one because they love playing their games on it	Flatscreen TV
Small, portable, light and fun to use. It charged fast	Flatscreen TV
I felt the system mived extremely slow not good for streaming great reader	USB-C Charging Cable
Unbelievably good value when I bought one at a discounted sale price, but well worth the usual Best Buy price of USD$50. Simplicity itself, particularly if you have used Android previously. Although restricted to the Amazon environment and App store, I still found all the free apps I could ever need, and the tablet appears to be very reliable compared to my aging nexus.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Little bit slow but perfect fit for my 6years old daughter.	Lightning Charging Cable
I brought the tablet for my step mom who isn't very familiar with technology. It was easy for her to operate and a great price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Streaming services run great. Multi-Tasking is terrible though. A lot of games aren't supported. Good for browsing the web and streaming only	Lightning Charging Cable
Great customer service. Very fast and accurate. I appreciate all the help.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got tired of lugging my laptop around everywhere. I asked my daughter-in-law how she like her tablet. She loves it.So, I decided to get me one, especially since my kindle didn'thave a light, where I could read my books. I'm still figuring out,how to use it.	Wired Headphones
Great , must own it and I love it so much. Good deal.	Wired Headphones
Great price for a good product. So far so good and no issues. Wish they had more apps, but great nonetheless. Great for gifts for family members.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This kindle is an upgrade from the older model I have. It's a slimmer design with a nice purple color.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a raffle prize and it was a big hit of the young as well as the old.	Wired Headphones
"My son absolutely loved the 7"" tablet. Wasn't too big or small. Perfect!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price you have to deal with a lot of pre-loaded stuff, but it is a great price for a capable tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the money it can do a lot, only downside is for the price to be so cheap it is pre-loaded with a LOT of stuff you don't want.	20in Monitor
This tablet is not going to be a flagship tablet. Considering you're paying about 10% of the price of an iPad, this does more than 10% of what an iPad can do. Netflix, browsing, emails all work great! Can't complain.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my son. It was reasonably priced and he loves it. Easy to carry around. He loves reading books on it	ThinkPad Laptop
This is the third Vizio TV I've had, all still working, even after nine years of almost continuous service	Wired Headphones
I was a bit disappointed by the lack of the Android play store, navigation on it is a pain.	USB-C Charging Cable
It serves the purpose and kid is happy with it. It can be used for kindle reading too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
extra tablet for the price well worth it using it for everyday extras ..eg weather app , face book, kindle,	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's not a high end tablet, but it is great for ebooks and light gaming. Great battery life too	USB-C Charging Cable
The best tablet . Better the Samsung . I have had 3 samsungs tablets and they all sucked and broke fast	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for twin boys four yrs old. Don't have to worry about them dropping it too much. Easy set up.Would recommend.	Lightning Charging Cable
Overall it is hard to say this is a good Tablet just looking at it in a vacuum. That being said when you take the price into consideration, it is hard to say it's not a good value. The screen isn't very bright so outdoor use is difficult ( I wanted to use it as a screen for my drone but its not ideal), and it's locked down by the Amazon Echo System. It does work and it doesnt hiccup or struggle too much and again for the value especialyl when I bought it for $33 its hard to argue. It can also be hacked to install the Play Store on it which makes it even more of a value.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Its good product with the $ amount. I feel its little slow but okay.	USB-C Charging Cable
This little tablet is marvelous! I do not have a smart phone and this slips effortlessly in my handbag to be scanned at a store etc.. It's quick to respond and I can't say enough about it.	iPhone
This is our second Kindle.Highly recommend pairing with Amazon Prime. Getting the Kids unlimited package.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very satisfied with tablet and use to check E-Mail everyday	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I actually bought this for my friend that is going through chemotherapy and radiation. She loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
was looking at a tablet on sale. saw the kindle-old one quit (on off switch), this one even had a camera. love the whole thing.	Flatscreen TV
This is an absolute life saver for small children.	Lightning Charging Cable
This item was purchased for my grandson and he Love's it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is great, nice size and functionality.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very affordable and it works. I bought this for my kids and they like it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I know this is not iPad, or Samsung Tab. Nor I was expecting this tablet to get any close to any of them. But boy, for $34 this tablet rocks! I toss it in my car, gym bag and i am not afraid to toss it around. Great durability, great value for money!You cannot go wrong with this. Highly recommended	Wired Headphones
I was hisitating to buy to initially but after started using stated liking it .i would recommend for the same . Great experience	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The grandson loves this tablet to watch church....	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent tablet for the money! Best for amazon prime members, although even non prime amazon users can make the most out of this tablet at this price point.	iPhone
My kids love it.they always come home and run to it .they on it into it's bed time	27in FHD Monitor
I've bought nearly every model of Kindle Fire since they came out. I love the fact that this model allows the installation of a micro SD card for storage of photos and music. The color is also a plus! Much better than basic black. Glad I bought it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I picked this up Oma deal of the day. Took a little learning, but man is this thing great for travel! Does backlight reading and plays my digital movies. Great all around tablet!	Vareebadd Phone
This tablet is useful if you have prime and invest in the Amazon ecosystem. I prefer my other Android tablets more, but for the price I paid for this one it was a great deal.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price.... It's good for games play and great tablet with this price	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great tablet my son loves it and everything about it. He loves playing the games and this tablet is very very fast!	USB-C Charging Cable
She started using it the same day and reads books every day now.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for the price. Get a screen protector though	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great replacement for the disappointing tablet that my daughter last used before it died.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this Kindle for my husband, as a gift. I can't believe how fast it is.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Purchased as a gift so I cannot review this product. However, I have an older version Kindle Reader which I love!	Apple Airpods Headphones
......................................................	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet for my daughter and it does everything that's she needs it for. It runs all the apps she has downloaded and not much lag when opening the apps.	ThinkPad Laptop
The first of these failed after a week or so with lines in the screen. I took it back to BB and they replaced it with another. I was able to automatically reinstall everything I had on the first with no problem. I love this device. I bought it to download and read books from my library, but it does much more. It notifies me when I receive mail and I switch from a book to it and can read it on the device and then easily switch back. I can also do a lot of research that I normally do on my PC. I highly recommend it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the amazon fire tablet. It's great for me when I'm going back and forth between home work and school!	27in FHD Monitor
It does everything a regualur tablet can do and it cheap	USB-C Charging Cable
Great device. Bought 3 of them for grandkids.. 7 of them have them.	27in FHD Monitor
This nice, color e-reader doubles as an excellent low-cost tablet.	Vareebadd Phone
I have had one for about six months now an it's amazing so I had to buy another one for my baby girl an she love it also...	
great for toddlers. I recommend anyone to purchase a protective case	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Very clear HD video..love it and at a wonderful price	Apple Airpods Headphones
We purchased the digiland tablet and it wasn't good at all due to the picture quality. Thats what I get for buying cheap. Pay $10 more and this tablet is awesome compared to the last one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great starter tablet takes great pics and the screen is a great size to start off with when first using a tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
I am so happy with the Kindlefire. I bought the first generation Kindlefire & I was happy with it. When I bought this new Kindlefire I was happily & surprised at how much better this version is. I use the Kindlefire mainly for watching movies & reading books. So.happy with it :)	Wired Headphones
I purchased this so that I could use Skype to check on my dogs during the day. I had to download an app that makes the Fire stay on otherwise it goes to sleep. Once I had that app installed and Skype doing the Auto-Answer it worked well. Overall if I was going to use this as a reader or mini tablet it looks like a good product. The screen is bright and sharp.	Wired Headphones
The Amazon Fire 7 Tablet is a great device for kids to play games and watch movies on line. Good parental controls.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet last year and is still working fine! Definitely not an iPad but does a lot of things that an iPad can do! Would purchase this product again.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like it is very good for all people and so simple for us	20in Monitor
Kindle fire has nice video quality, easily connects to wifi. Now has the ability to use micro sd storage for photos or videos. Micro usb keyboards also work by simply plugging in.	Vareebadd Phone
The tablet is great for my 7 Year old to play on and I like that it has parent control on it.	Wired Headphones
Great inexpensive tablet. My wife had an ipad 2 and she has not said once she wants an ipad instead.	Flatscreen TV
OMG! This product is awesome. I never knew my children can be so quiet when they are playing or reading a book on this device. I love it and it makes them not want to play with your phone anymorte bc what thy find on your phone, they can find on this device. Thank you for this.They have learned a lot already and still learning. Recommended it to all my freinds with children already. Great for the price!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I primarily use this as a media tablet and it does it pretty well. The expandable storage is nice and it has around 6-7 hours of continuous local video play. Downsides to this product are the bad external speaker and limited apps available, but hey it's $50.	Wired Headphones
We bought this for our 8 yr old daughter and it's great for most of what she does, but it is not good for playing a lot of games because it locks up sometimes or it runs a little slower. So if we had to do it again we'd probably buy something with a bigger processor.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have 2 of these one for each one of my kids I love it for kids the instead of buying something so expensive I chose this and the geek squad protection is awesome my son cracked the screen and they where just amazing and replaced it with a brand new one	Lightning Charging Cable
I brought two tablets for my grandchildren for learning and to keep them busy, and they love it!! So do I!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Item was a replacement for an earlier version whose battery was declining / not holding charge. Replacement was more cost effective than battery replacement. An added bonus is the fact the the newer device is faster.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's simple, if you want something with a larger screen to look at, but don't to buy an ipad, buy this.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a good tablet for a great price. Good starter tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
this has been a great tablet for my daughter and a great gift	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My niece is using this for her college, great for kids use in college, very versatile.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this as a birthday present for my boyfriend to use for Netflix and email responses (without breaking out his huge laptop). He loves the portability of the device. Just wish the apps were a bit more sophisticated in what you can get.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Could not get this to work with my chromecast so I returned it.	iPhone
I was looking for an affordable tablet for my kid. This was a great buy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my kids, we use the freeplay for $3 a month. We added a 16gb memory card. It is not an hd screen, but it still looks good. And it's faster than other quad core tablets, probably because it's not running heavy graphics. Great for casual use and children.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I bought one of these in December as an inexpensive back up for an iPad. I sincerely believe that the Fire 7"" tablet is the best bargain I have ever had in an electronic device. I now gift these to my elderly friends who need a simple internet connector."	27in FHD Monitor
I bought it for my grandchildren and they are happy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"It is the right size to throw into a purse because it is light weighteasy set up. Enter your Wifi password and Amazon login info, then wooo!+ The display is bright (no dead pixels on mine) and responsive; touch sensitivity is very good.The Fire 7"" -good design and slim in sizeGood product with Money"	Wired Headphones
I purchased 3 kindles for my grandchildren for Christmas last year. I have been very disappointed with their quality. The chargers were very difficult to plug in right from the beginning and now one of the kindles won't even charge at all. The others have to be positioned just right or they won't charge either. I definitely would not recommend this particular model kindle to anyone.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet and like quality of the picture and clarity of the screen	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my aunt to play games and be able to use Facebook. She loves how easy it was to setup and use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I loved this tablet Has games and is super fast. Great tablet	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it Many apps for kids	Wired Headphones
Bought this tablet for my son, he loves it. Great investment	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the product it does good for what my children need it to do.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought for my son, and He love it, He is 8 years old	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought my son a kindle about 6 months ago and it was great.... Until my husband dropped it and broke the screen. So I bought my son another one last week, but I think it might be defective becuz the battery died not fully charge or it takes a super long time to charge, where this did not happen with my last one	Google Phone
Great product and my tablet was delivered to my home within the dates promised. Process was very easy and had very knowledgeable staff who helped me.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Excellent love it works great love design..wonderful	Wired Headphones
Easy to use and a lot of features. Perfect size screen.	Lightning Charging Cable
i bought this for my mother in law and she cant put it down she loves it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
You get the most out of this if you have prime. Prime music is great with this, you may want to expand the memory with a card though.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this as a gift for a less technically inclined person as a gateway into learning tablets and apps. It was a good gift.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for grandchildren and they love it. They are five years old.	Product
It's easy to use and we love it. Our grandkids find them very easy to use	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Me and the kids love it very user friendly and a fair price	27in FHD Monitor
This product is a great product as long as the plug-in charge port doesn't break and quit taking a charge.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to set up. Great definition and apparently comes with a prime subscription.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for our son. Works great for what we needed it for. Just wish the volume was a little better, but overall good product.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good tablet. Keeps my neice busy for hours, and we usually have to take it from her so she can sleep.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for on the go. A good size for reading, game playing, and web surfing.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought the Amazon Fire to have easily portable access to my email and the Internet while traveling. It is a good basic tablet. Some of the text is somewhat hard to read as of is quite small. I don't have a stylus which would make use much easier. Overall, it is a good value for my limited need's and use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Pleased with this purchase. Good for surfing, reading, games,email. Wish I could use it in the sun to read.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my 8 year old son and he loves it.	iPhone
I love the tablet and the price was great ,easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my 2nd tablet purchase at Best Buy and I am very satisfied with everything	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great little tablet to do what I need. I mostly just surf the web and definitely use it for Netflix and Amazon prime. Big enough to be comfortable and just relaxing watching your shows	USB-C Charging Cable
Battery wouldnt hold a charge but was able to get it teplaced.	Wired Headphones
"The 7"" amazon fire tablet has came along way since the kindle version. This is a full android tablet loaded with many great features. Price range makes it excellent for kids too."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second one because my first froze up and stopped working.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought it for reading books. And it works very well for that purpose.	USB-C Charging Cable
Happy yes, but all the advertisements are annoying. We knew they would always be there. It is what it is! We are iPad users and it is a step down from the iPad.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My elderly uncle is pleased to have his device. He's still not real sure about how to use it, but happy he has one.	Lightning Charging Cable
this is a very good product and is the better in the market thanks	USB-C Charging Cable
bought this for the Grandkids they tell me it is great	Google Phone
I love my Fire because it's so easy to buy\\review books, movies on plus shopping is a breeze, as well as downloading apps. I would'nt give mine up for the world.	USB-C Charging Cable
its a great device, entertains my 1 year old and good for my wife as well	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Does a good job with what I do easy to add apps. It has decent performance	iPhone
This is a nice tablet for its price and size. Thanks!	Wired Headphones
Nice easy to use Tablet for a good price..........	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this product for my ten year old daughter. She absolutely loves it! It was easy to use, simple to navigate, and even easier to set-up (especially all of the parental controls and such). I am able to manage her account online and limit her use and time on the tablet, as well as keep track of any purchases she may wish to make. It is a great starter tablet for a responsible youth.	Lightning Charging Cable
Most tablets in this price range have the quality to show for it. That is not the case with this unit.While only $50, it feels more sturdy and acts more responsive and capable than other bargain tablets that fit into the same price range.The amazon app store has a lot of great options and the popular apps you would expect from apple or Googles app stores. The only downside is the navigation. Even then, it is only a personal problem as I am used to Google play.All in all, this is a great tablet at an even greater price!	Google Phone
This is my second Kindel the old one gave out after many years of service	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great product. Suitable for all ages. I love using this because of the I find something new everytime I use this. I would grade this an a plus.	Lightning Charging Cable
The old one wouldn't hold a charge, but my new one goes days before running out of juice	iPhone
I find the amazon fire to be just what I was looking for especially to take with me when traveling. It has great features and is easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great I like the size easy to take anywhere some times smaller is better	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the money, you really can't do much better in the tablet department. Quick, responsive and does everything you want it to do. Highly recommended	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for a plane ride to watch some YouTube's and Twitch streams. Would buy another.	20in Monitor
This is a huge step up from my kid's kindle fire. Good tablet for the money.	Apple Airpods Headphones
bought this tablet for my 70 yr mom. so far she is enjoying it and having no issues. it is her first one and she is finding it easy to use and learn new things.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet proved to be an awesome gift for the kids! It doesn't have Instagram and runs a little off kilter sometimes, but good for the most part	USB-C Charging Cable
I use the email, search, and read books primarily. My fingertips are still clumsy on the keyboard but will improve! I forget how to access some things but ask those who know. The Kindle Fire can do so many things for the modest price. I just need to keep at it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Fire is a great value doing most of what more expensive tablets do for a great price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my twelve year old grandson to replace his two year old Kindle Fire. He loved the blue color and said it was like his friends mini pad.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
love the improvements they made on this fire kindle.	Wired Headphones
My husband and I originally bought this for our 1 year old so she could be busy on our longer road trips however when it wasn't being used by her, we would listen to our audio books from audible and it was relaxing and provided good bonding moment . Unfortunately, I left it in the trunk of our rental car and when I called the dealership, they said they didn't find it.. we only had it for about a month!	Google Phone
This is a cheap tablet. I bought this so that my kids wouldn't ruin another IPad by crushing it. This tablet can stop working out of nowhere shut off and never turn on again. If it doesn't have a case and you drop it kiss this good bye because even a light drop can destroy it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought it as a replacement for a broken tablet. There are several apps I'd like to add to it that are not available, and it won't update the Facebook app so I wind up using my phone for many things that I used to do on my tablet. If it wasn't a good e reader, it would be worthless, but I do read on it a lot, so I'm keeping it but I would still like a new tablet - which is disappointing.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"The 7"" screen is just right for size. Comes w/ plenty of extra goodies from Amazon and Audible, among others. The only complaint is the display in bright, direct sunlight requires adjustment to full bright, or I'd have given it 5 stars."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great little tablet for the money. Used some rewards certificates to pay for most of it. If I was to do it again I would buy the 16GB version. Very happy with the handy little tablet!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this as a birthday gift for my 9 year old daughter. Great gift and good quality! She hasn't put it down yet!	USB-C Charging Cable
Not my favorite tablet. Its good for the price, but its function is limited.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 2 of these because they were on sale for $33.33. I really like them, but the Kaspersky internet security that I received free for 6 months will not download onto the tablets. I am going to have to call the Geek Squad to fix this problem.	Wired Headphones
This tablet is a great value for the price point. Great functionality and value.	ThinkPad Laptop
I like this tablet, great features and functionality for a good price.	Wired Headphones
Bought it on sale, great for reading Kindle books, but is rather slow. Still a good buy for a really cheap tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this tablet for my dad who is not tech savvy what so ever. Great tablet for a beginner.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for kids my son liked and easy to play with	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price, these are perfect for young or old. Compared to other brands these are comparable if not better!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We purchased the tablet for our mom's 63rd birthday and she loves it!!! She had absolutely no problems when it came to the initial setup. Our mom has been reading books, listening to music, ordering items through the mail and watching videos like a pro. We couldn't have gotten her a better gift!!!	Vareebadd Phone
Was waited on pretty fast. Shown what I needed and explained the features and warranty. All in all a great experience	27in FHD Monitor
Good tablet at a low price you should buy one now .	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like the tablet. Great price. But the charging cord is to short and there isn't an indicator light to inform you when the tablet is charging.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a great buy it does everything a laptop or desk top without the big bulk.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is an excellent price for the Amazon Fire 7 Tab, I highly recommend to product!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet freezes a lot when using it. It started out working good and then it started freezing when playing games.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this hoping that I could use it for a book reader and other lightweight tasks. The wifi is very slow and the tablet in general is slow and hangs to much	Google Phone
I bought this tablet originally for my kids but I loved it so much I had to purchase one for myself. Love it!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I got it because I wanted to be able to use it to download books for college classes. It is slow and seems to freeze up a bit when I try to use it. I have a 64g memory card in it and have most of my stuff saved to it. I wouldn't think that would cause it to run slow.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought for my daughter to keep her busy and it works great!	iPhone
My niece loves this tablet. It did not take her very long to learn the apps, how to download apps, visit wifi and etc. Thanks	Vareebadd Phone
Excellent for a first time ereader. Worth the buy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this for our teenage grandson, who uses it for games, internet, and friend chat. Works great, and the price didn't break the bank.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is a steal if you get the chance to pick one up and you need s good reliable basic tablet this be the one. Don't walk, run to Best Buy to pick it up.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I already have kindle 7 hdx love it. So I got this cheaper one for my son. He uses it to watch movies etc. Works great.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The tablet and chrome cast is great for my child....	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the price this is a great value, I considered a laptop, or larger tablets but am quite satisfied with this purchase	Lightning Charging Cable
Ok, so, I wanted an e-reader and had thought about just buying an iPad mini. I wish I had. Don't get me wrong, this tablet does the job it's meant to do but that's about it. If you're looking for a tablet that you can play games on, browse through Facebook or instagram on, or even surf the net then you're better off getting an upgraded version of this tablet or an iPad as I said before. Plus, this tablet comes packed with apps that are unnecessary and just plain memory wasteful. However, if you just need it to read your books or magazines then this is the perfect little companion for you. I'm saving for an iPad.	Wired Headphones
I had an insignia tablets before they are very low on saund	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet. A lot to do. Good storage. Would recommend.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Nice size, very clear video. Lots of great apps! Excellent price.	20in Monitor
A very easy to use device. I don't need anything bigger. Just right for my needs. Price point is excellent.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I don't like it, I would not recommend this to anyone	iPhone
Bought this for my 6yr old son for his birthday. He loves it. Easy to use and decent battery life. Love all of the children's books!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This thing is ok as long as you don't expect it to be or have stuff(Apps&Games) like Samsung or Apple cause it doesn't. It has its own line of ****	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's great for the kids, but not intuitive with using. Took a little bit to get used to it.	Wired Headphones
good ereader not great for surfing web good for children and reading	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my grandma so she could use it in church to read the Bible. She loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet! My niece and nephew love it. It is a great product for the price and I would recommend to anyone looking for a great and affordable tablet.	iPhone
This is the 4th one I have bought 3 for my kids and 1 for my 1 wife. They all love them they are perfect and for a amazing price.	Lightning Charging Cable
It does just what I need it to do! Easy to take on the go!	Apple Airpods Headphones
...but mind the quality control. For $40 - $50, you get an amazingly capable tablet for media consumption. Streaming services, surfing, and reading are all handled perfectly fine, however, the tablet lacks the power to be a gaming platform.Please note, this is actually my 3rd tablet, as the first 2 were returned with the first being covered in dead pixels and the second having terrible light bleed. The 3rd looked and functioned perfectly. Bad batch? Who knows. But watch the quality control.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my grandma and she was able to learn to use it right away. This is a great tablet for someone who is a beginner when it comes to technology.	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids love it. I think I will buy another one for myself. Holds a good charge, loud and pretty durable to be inexpensive.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this item for my grandson and now we both used it. Bright screen, good wifi connection and memory expandable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Wow what a tablet my girls are have the time of their lives. Hey it was a little learning in the beginning but once they got it the rest was history.	Vareebadd Phone
Great tablet for the kids, and very reasonable price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet for the price. I purchased it for my niece and she loves it.	Wired Headphones
Great for my 65-year-old Mom. Price is very good. Worth buying!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works great! Easy to setup and has great parental controls.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased a blue and orange one for each of my twin boys. Their bday is on Aug 22. I have not yet gave them the kindle. But I downloading quite a few games before giving it to them. The graphics are amazing. If all goes well i'm thinking about buying the purple one for myself.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My kids love this tablet and its so inexpensive. I like that I can connect it to my Amazon account and see what they play.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my daughters birthday, and she loves it. Reliable, and easy to use. May buy Another one for my wife.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love using to check my e-mails, go facebook, trying to figure how to use the camera. Once I do I'll start using it.	USB-C Charging Cable
The price was low, but the ads are really annoying to me. The tablet is good, works well. Doesn't seem to be able to use apps from Google Play store which was a surprise and disappointment to me. All in all, I would've chosen another android tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was replacing a first generation kindle. I love the slim size and the improved access to the internet, amazon underground and my library. The ads do not bother me once I open my kindle	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This a a great tablet for the price. It is easy to navigate!	27in FHD Monitor
I got this tablet for a senior that is learning to to use a tablet and learning navigate through apps and the Internet and adjust to a reader	Bose SoundSport Headphones
hi got this tablet to view books and use netflix while i travel nice sound can charge by my external battery last few hours nice to have	Google Phone
I GOT THIS TABLET FOR MY DAD, HE'S NOT REALLY INTO TECH ITEMS BUT THIS TABLET LOOKED EASY TO NAVIGATE AND IT SEEMED GREAT FOR THE PRICE TOO AFTER READING THE REVIEWS I WENT AHEAD AND PURCHASED IT. MY DAD HAS BEEN USING THIS ITEM EVERYDAY SINCE HE GOT IT. I AM VERY IMPRESSED WITH THIS PRODUCT! ITS GREAT FOR THE PRICE AND WORKS WELL. MY MOM ALSO PURCHASED TWO OF THE SAME TABLETS FOR MY NEPHEWS.	ThinkPad Laptop
I got this tablet for my niece because while she was visiting with me her tablet that she brought with her stopped working. I got online and searched for an inexpensive tablet that would do the same thing that her non working tablet would do and so I searched and ran upon this tablet and this is it plus more!!!!	Google Phone
8/18/16Love the product & price.Would recommend.Customer.	USB-C Charging Cable
We wanted something simple reader for our kids. My only complaint are the ads.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am really enjoying being able to read books online that are downloaded from the public library. I have read 5 books in the last few weeks now that I can use the public library system to access book titles. No more buying books at the bookstore	Wired Headphones
Got this for my 7 year old because of the parental controls I heard about. So far it's been a decent tablet and has some nice controls, but it would be better if the controls could be customized by day and specific apps instead of all apps and by weekday/weekend.	USB-C Charging Cable
Simple tablets and I get along great! I don't want to spend the big buck to get someting that a much cheaper alternative will handle just as well. Gave my much older tablet to a child, who was overjoyed, and updated version for me.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this tablet at a great price! This tablet works very well within the amazon ecosystem, so it is best geared towards those with amazon prime. It has micro sd card slot which is a plus.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a good tablet option for the price. It works well and is a good reader	Wired Headphones
This is the best Fire they have come out with so far.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a pretty good little tablet for a beginner. I bought this for my 11 year old son and he loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for basic web browsing and low-requirement games. Serves purpose at a cheap price and has good quality and help support.	Flatscreen TV
"Bought this for my daughter (7 yrs), and ended up getting a second one for my son. I do wish Best Buy sold the kid-proof cases, but meh.The tablet is quick, the memory is expandable as well, which is what keeps me from anything iWhatever. Throw a 64GB card in this and your kid can make videos on Musical.ly all dang day and become a YouTube sensation (still waiting on that check).PARENTAL NOTE: If you go this route, take advantage of Amazon's FreeTime. It's fantastic, customizable, safe and easy to stay hands-off. I use it with both tablets with both kids. Time limits, no questionable content (depending on what you call questionable; i hate KidzBop) and excellent apps, etc included.Tablet is more than powerful enough for adulting, too, so if you despise kids, you can still enjoy your lonely, hollow, selfish existence with this outstanding tablet."	Wired Headphones
I bought on sale for $35. My sister recommended Kindle tablets because of the text to speech feature. Some kindle ebooks have a text to speech feature. You can start reading at home then turn on text to speech fir when you are in the car stuck in traffic. We have a prime membership and you can save Amazon videos to watch offline. I haven't tried this yet but sounds great for plane or bus travel. You camn download the Overdrive app directly for free books, audio books,and video. I plan to download the Nook app so I can read Overdrive magazines and my Nook books. Micro sd slot for additional storage. Only mono sound which is fine for what I want to use it for. Cheap enough that I'll let the grandkids use it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Affordable and convenient device for watching video, reading, kid's light gaming and browsing the Web.	27in FHD Monitor
good.good.good.good.good.good.good.good.good.good.good.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Went from nook to Kindle . Love it. Awesome item. Love it	Lightning Charging Cable
Look was good and very comfortable for reading. If allowed to install android store that would be really awesome.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this tablet right before a trip out-of-town, and it was a good purchase. Eight-year-olds crave entertainment, and the Amazon Fire gives plenty of that.It's been easy to handle, and hasn't had any issues breaking down.The charger cable is a pain to plug into the tablet (only the part that fits into the tablet itself), and some of the tablet versions of apps like Neko Atsume aren't good compared to the phone versions, but we are overall very happy with our purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it for my son for Christmas and he uses it all the time. Great product for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids love their kindle. Its the perfect tablet for adults and kids to share.	Wired Headphones
Definitely an excellent kindle for the price. Cant beat it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I give away these tablets at events. They are well priced, hard to break and efficient tablets. A great buy for the money.	USB-C Charging Cable
New OS 5 performs better than expected. No hanging screens and increased caching enables better video streaming. I purchased this as a replacement for an older model that my son broke - would definitely buy again.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it as a birthday present for my son and he loves it. Easy to use and works fast.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is Affordible and supper useful! If your am Amazon kinda person I definitely recommend this	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for my 10 year old daughter she loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the size of this, it's the size of a book! The only thing I don't like is the lock screen has ads.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the Fire for myself and it is user friendly. We put some games on it about 1 yr later for my daughter and she actually can navigate it pretty good. So we bought her her own Fire which she is proud to be able to listen to music and play simple games.	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandson is really enjoying this product and it is standing up well to his use	Wired Headphones
Works great as an ereader. Can hold so many books!	Lightning Charging Cable
I really like the features, the size, and the price, but I was a bit disappointed with the lack of speed!	Lightning Charging Cable
I got it when my computer broke. Will get a laptop later.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my niece .It is user friendly and easy to carry. The features allow her to explore and use her imagination and of course the price was right.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great as an e-reader, lots of apps and is Good for basic web browsing.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have had several kindles, this latest one just doesnt seem to be as good of quality as the previous onrs i have owned	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a very good tablet to have for reading or playing games.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for kids! Both of my children love it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for very young grandkids. You get what you pay for. A little slow. Good for watching things like Netflix and playing games and JWBroadcasting. Navigation okay. Not great. Kids are usually hard on anything, so if it gets broken, ok. But no problems so far and the kids like it. Would never buy for myself, or anyone over 10.	27in FHD Monitor
Wanted a small kindle to read books and keep kids busy with games while on vacation. Great price and size. Small enough to carry in your purse or even pocket.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for price. Highly recommended, quick and easy to use.	Google Phone
It's a great tablet for a beginner or for anyone that has or had a sumsung phone : }	Wired Headphones
Easy to use and set up to get started. Set's up for both of my children	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was looking for a tablet that will function well for basic web browsing and video playback as a gift for my mom. I initially purchased a Best Buy exclusive tablet that had a slightly larger screen and more memory than this Fire tablet, but it wouldn't comnect to wifi at all and took forever to load to home screen when powering on. Returned it and got this Fire and am so pleased. It does what I want it to do, although we don't use the Amazon extras lol. I just wish the screen size was a bit larger. This connects to wifi well. It does have a couple dead pixels that is really only noticeable when it displays what should be an entirely black image, but does not deter from our enjoyment of this product.	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent for small task and gaming for all ages .	20in Monitor
I'm liking this tablet more and more, the more I use it. Great battery life. Easy to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The kindle is great! Great product and great price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love my Kindle Fire!!! Except for making telephone calls I can do so much. I specifically purchased my Fire because I knew I was going to be in the hospital for awhile. I am now reading my 3rd EBook that I borrowed from my local library.	Flatscreen TV
Great bare bones tablet! Great for e book reading! Also, can't beat the price!! no complaints here!	Google Phone
Good for the price. Low memory but good descent graphics easy to use	USB-C Charging Cable
The kindle was bought for my grandchildren that also have iPads. I don't have to worry so much about them breaking it and being out all the money for an iPad.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet for my young son, he is able to order books for school. He plays games and he is able to go onto youtube for the fraction of an Ipad. It is great!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Currently this is the fifth version of the Kindle Fire that I purchased since they came out. Purchased this one due to its ability to maximize storage with a SD card unlike the other ones I have. It seemed to not run as smooth as my Kindle Fire HDX once I started adding apps to it which is not a problem for me since I use other tablets for that. This was mainly purchased to download shows and movies from Amazon Prime to watch offline.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My computer crashed and I bought this tablet to get me by during repairs. The tablet allowed me to keep up with my e-mails and events. I used it to surf the internet as well. It will be used for similar purposes when my wife and I go on a three week road trip in the near future. A very compact and versatile unit.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This e reader is very excellent.The screen is a bit small but you can accommodate.	Wired Headphones
I like playing the games on it and doing email and music that I can listen too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for the price works like it should with good battery life	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The fire is one of the easiest E readers/tablets to use. The Amazon interface makes it a true treasure.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for my 7yr old who loves reading but also loves the apps and games available. This has a fast load time and I recommend a SD card to go with it. We needed it after a few days of downloading books and apps.	Wired Headphones
My 8 year old son saved up his allowance money in order to buy this tablet. He did all of the research himself and decided that based on the price and the features that this was the tablet for him. He can connect to our home Wi Fi to access the internet, You Tube and games. We monitor what he is accessing for safety purposes. This is much smaller than an iPad, but is very mobile and easy for kids to use. I bought a case for it to protect it from drops and allows my son to work from multiple angles on the tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
If you're just going to read and play a game or two, maybe surf the internet a bit, this is an ok tablet. But if you are a heavy user, I'd tell you to pass on this tablet because it won't keep up with your surfing/games/e-mail.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and has some great features. Useful for both kids and adults	Lightning Charging Cable
Grandkids love it! It's very easy for them to use. They enjoy reading and playing games!!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am not a savvy table user. I actually don't like tablets to start with. I prefer my convertible Windows 10 laptop but there is a Bible app called youversion that is very useful to me and my iPhone screen is too small and my laptop is too big to carry to Church so this tablet is perfect for me. Coupled with a leather case it is easier to hold and enjoyable to use. I got it on sale from Best Buy for $33 + tax. It is a great deal at this incredible price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an ok tablet. We bought it thinking it would be good for travels with our little one, but it's not what we expected. Our little one is able to exit out of movies and apps. There is no way to lock the app when it is in use with little ones. This would be a good tablet for a teenager or adult who wants a tablet but doesn't want to spend a lot of money.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The product is good and easy to operate. I guarantee that you won't regret buying it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This product is fast a stylish. Good battery life. Helps to be a regular Amazon client.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and great for the kids. Lightweight and easy to travel with.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It does exactly what it says for the right price..	AA Batteries (4-pack)
great tablet for kids but a lot of ads , for someone who wants a cheap tablet that more or less can do all stuff this is a good choice	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So far I like the backlit feature. I felt the price was affordable. The battery life is not as long as my previous Kindle but it does a lot more so that is to be expected.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet and very easy to use. Also good battery life.	Google Phone
it is good product.i like best buy.Excellent service.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"The Kindle Fire 7"" so far works well after about 6 weeks of daily use. The battery life is a bit disappointing - four hours or less. I bought this to replace my Kindle e-reader because it was for sale at a very good price. But, it functions much better as a basic tablet. I don't like reading for long periods with this screen. Sad to see my keyboard e-reader die, but these electronics don't last forever."	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm still learning how to use it. I like that it is small enough to put in my purse.	LG Washing Machine
Great companion to any laptop, and an excellent reader+. Amazon Prime membership can enhance the overall ease of use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was a little worried at first because I brought the tablet for my 7 year old but so far I have no complaints	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love reading books on here. Playing games are also nice for the kids with the free time kid app. Only thing I don't like is the sound is not very loud. If the sound was louder it would get a 5 star rating.	USB-C Charging Cable
Wonderful and fast little tablet. It already servesany uses...	Lightning Charging Cable
This kindle fire 5th generation 7inches is a very good product.it works well.and best buy customer service was so helpful.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love it because it is functional and complete for I needed.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
gave to daughter and son. they are enjoying them very much	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Heck fifty bucks for a tablet a name brand tablet that feels premium not bad for the money!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the size and it's user friendly. I originally bought a tablet that was bigger but it stopped working less than a year and the size was too big and too heavy for my 7 year old. I would definitely recommend it to friends and family.	Wired Headphones
I love dis tablet just wish the screen wasn't crack!	USB-C Charging Cable
Product works well and is durable. Great for kids.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This item is ideal for kids to play games and a whole lot more.,my hubby even have one and he enjoys his and I love the picture quality.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"I gave this Fire 7"" tablet five stars because of the price and quality. You won't find another for the price with so many good features. I purchased it primarily for reading books from Amazon and my library. The screen is excellent. This tablet can enlarge the size for best reading comfort. The sound is very good and it's best when connecting to a set of speakers. There's an advertisement when first logging on, which is not too annoying, (to pay $15 to remove). It's great for beginners and anyone who wants a light, compact tablet to carry around. I also have a 10"" Samsung, but this was difficult and heavy to hold while reading. I also purchased a case to protect the Fire 7"". It makes holding the tablet easier. I can't say enough good things about this tablet. The screen, sound and speed while browsing the internet are very good These were most important to me. I highly recommend the Amazon Fire 7"" Tablet."	Vareebadd Phone
This tablet is great for beginners like myself, I haven't done much more than check emails and read articles but there is more to learn and do	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
kids love the tablet & the picture quality is good	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love using this device it is perfect for playing games and watching shows	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Really good and solid tablet, especially for kids. Highly recommend that you buy the case that goes with it too.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a great worth of the money spent on it. Good for reading	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for what it costs. I mostly just surf the web on it a bit but I also watch netflix and espn type streaming apps sometimes and it works great for that too.	Wired Headphones
This was a great tablet for a child and even adults.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I have been wanting to give these little tablets a try for some time now. I went ahead and made the purchase yesterday while they were on sale. I'm originally an Apple guy, but my iPad has seen better days.The tablet is nestled in compact packaging. Inside you will find the sync cable/charger, and the tablet itself. It comes wrapped in a protective plastic bag. It looks pretty good quality, and feels great in my hands. It is very easy to grasp with one hand, leaving the other free for whatever else you may want to do.The setup is really straight forward with a few simple questions. If you are already an Amazon customer, you will be asked to input your information during setup...making it even easier to get started. The picture quality is really good for the price of the tablet. It's not HD, but the quality is still pretty good for everyday tasks. Amazon's app store is packed with tons of apps, movies, books, etc... There is definitely plenty to choose. I have access to Amazon videos, store, and everything Amazon at the palm of my hands. The only downside to the tablet is that Amazon uses its own ""Silk Browser,"" which I am not a very big fan of. I tried to see if I could download Chrome, but that is still not an option. Hopefully it will be some time in the future. The browser is a bit slow in certain web pages, but functional. Another thing that I found very useful is the simplicity of setting up my e-mail account to the tablet. The only thing that I notices was that it took a while to load my account, but the setup is very easy. You have access to pretty much everything in the palm of your hands. Overall, this tablet is a great value for anyone that is in the market for a low cost tablet. It may take some folks a some time to get use to Amazon's OS, but it should not take very long to do so."	Vareebadd Phone
For reading, games, facebook, twitter, minor surfing the internet, this is a great device. It is small, but not so small as to be difficult to read. Fairly quick and dependable. For the price, it is hard to beat.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Kindle. I like the fact that I can read books or go onto the Internet to look up my news. Definitely can not beat the low price for everything it does.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for anyone to use. This is a wonderful product to purchase.	ThinkPad Laptop
Works fine as advertised. Will recommend it to anyone.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a gift for my friends daughter, Works really well, good tablet for about 40 dollars. I did opt for the 2 year protection, Just in case something happens in the 2 years.	USB-C Charging Cable
Not a bad tablet if u like reading. If u prefer AOSP and customs Android OSes I suggest the Nexus 7	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love having the Amazon Fire, are able to download apps, watch videos from Amazon Prime, and it includes profiles so kids can have access to it as well. Highly recommend!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use with all the functionality she needs. Perfect size for her little hands	Lightning Charging Cable
We love this tablet and I bought it for my 4 year old granddaughter. She's able to use it with no problems.	20in Monitor
Good tablet for browsing, watching videos and playing games.Totally worth the price.	Wired Headphones
Great product, good size for travel. We bought it for our girl, we use it when we travel, and put it on the back seat, so she can see videos or movies	Wired Headphones
I bought the Amazon Fire for my daughter for her 8th birthday. It was decently priced. I can set parental settings and a curfew. I have to confirm what she wants to download. She loves it and plays games, listens to music, and reads books on it.	20in Monitor
My children love this. Cant beat the price. Need one more for myself.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is mainly use for my children I highly recommend it	iPhone
Great value for the price. The kid loves it and compact so it travels well.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet for Facebook and games. Clean quick and she says it ok..ehhh	iPhone
My son love it can't do anything without his Amazon fire on his hand.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My wife had a Nook that she loved, but it broke. The least expensive ones are more than I wanted to spend and I came across the Fire. Excellent price for a Android based tablet (with the Fire OS) and reader. With a simple 'hack' you can install the Nook app so you can keep any previous Nook books as well as using the Amazon book store. She loves it! Being Prime members, she also uses it for video.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a little different than most android devices but compatible with them. It was a very small (tiny) learning curve but if you are like me and using Amazon services like Kindle, Music, Audible or Prime then obviously the Amazon Kindle Fire was MADE with you in mind. Amazon Underground is great for kids as it's offering games that are otherwise paid or have in app purchases for the incredible price of absolutely free. It is amazing I don't know how they do that. I have a collection of games that would have cost me hundreds on my ipad. And there is the problem. You are going to have to buy one of these for you kids when they find out. Or you can install Amazon Underground on their own Android device.	iPhone
Bought this for my husband primarily so he could get the Wall Street Journal. It works great and he loves that it holds a charge, nice size, durable, great resolution, etc. it turned out to be a great gift!	Wired Headphones
This tablet is technically my 3rd tablet. I always look for something cheap, and useful. I also am always looking for tablets that I know I can easily replace without cringing, if my son destroys them. This tablet has been the best so far. I love the limitation I can place for my son's usage, and the fact I can specify on what they can spend time on! Battery time is really good, I usually have to charge it every other day, even after heavy usage it does take a while before it needs to be charged. Wish there was more apps, and I have had issue with certain apps, but it may just be those developers issues and not the tablet itself.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love it. Use it everyday, and enjoy the books I have read on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
"My kid loves her new ""phone"" as she calls it. Clear picture and it is fast as well. Great item for the money!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
we have had kindle for a while in our family so it just seemed natural to stick with it for my grandson's birthday gift.	Wired Headphones
My son loves the kindle we got for him. It's perfect for the little guys to watch Netflix on.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Solid unit for reading and the occasional TV show or game.Those coming from a full featured tablet may find themselves frustrated at some of the limitations and quirks of Amazon's walled garden, but if your are looking for something cheap they does what it says on the box, you can't go wrong.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My husband is an avid reader and what better way to reward him for his love of reading(and playing games lol)	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great basic features - e-mail, web access, etc. Highly portable	Macbook Pro Laptop
Just as good as amazon suggests it to work. I use ut every day	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Size makes tablet easy to take with but still large enough to be easy to see.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very happy with the tablet. Nice, portable size with good display.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased three of these tablets to give away at work. So, while I don't have any firsthand experience, I have asked my team how they liked them.It uses the Amazon app store (of course), which is fine but doesn't even compare to the Google Play store. Even though, there are a lot of options and most big apps (Netflix, hulu, etc.) are all supported.There is also removable storage. It is very nice to be able to add a memory card to expand your memory. This is a feature a lot of tablets stopped offering.All in all, these tablets are in expensive but more reliable and sturdy than other knock off tablets from different brands. Amazon made a great bargain tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
cant beat this tablet for 50 bucks great present for anyone	Lightning Charging Cable
my grandson love it, he play with it all the time love it.	LG Dryer
"Bought this ""cheap"" tablet not expecting much. This thing blows away many of the more expensive android tablets. The Amazon system within the android system works great and filters out many of the android bugs that plague most tablets. Perfect for kids and the ""I just want it to work"" crowd."	Lightning Charging Cable
If you love to read this is a must. Only thing that I don't like is all the ads that pop up, when the wi-fi is open	Lightning Charging Cable
My son who is eight loves this tablet. Great for road trips and really works for the price. Hey let's be honest kids need something to keep them busy, this works fast, easy to start up.	Wired Headphones
I've purchased 3 tablets so far as gifts.I've gotten great feedback on all purchases. The price was affordable and easy to operate for 2 eight year olds.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Was in special,, easy to get it online and pick up in the store,, nice service and the personal very gentle	Apple Airpods Headphones
My child loves his table. Educational material have been downloaded and he has learned his alphabets, how to spell color words, phone to sounds and is beginning to write at the age of three.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good tablet for a beginner. Very easy to use. However wished the color on the screen was better.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my granddaughter for her birthday and she loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good Tablet for Kids, easy to operate and to handle.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to setup, more than acceptable performnces. I use the device to check emails, play, surfing the web and I never have any problems.Excellent price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
For the price is the go to android tablet. And for a kid is the best first time tablet for sure	Bose SoundSport Headphones
A well worth it purchase. No complaints. Couldn't be happier.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Bought it for 2nd twin's BD (age 14), after he requested one. He has broken a screen to a different PAD; it slipped out of the car on to the ground, when he opened the door. He said, ""I wouldn't do it--but I am sure that it wouldn't break, if I threw it down on the ground"" just as the packaging said!"	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this kindle after the kids had been at their grandma's around tons of iPads. They were just as happy with these...	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"I had an I pad and replaced it with a MACAIR. However it is heavy and when i travel, I don;t feel like logging it along! So for $49, I thought ""HOW CAN I LOSE""? SO I bought it and I love it! The only thing I dislike are the ads that keep popping up for me to buy stuff. I am not sure it can be turned off. Other than that- NO COMPLAINTS!"	Lightning Charging Cable
I was not expecting much with this product, but man I was surprised how well it worked. I added the charter app and I am able to watch live tv on it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not as good as i though, but at least it does what it is suppoused. Very bad screen quality	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
For the price, they are highly functional. Bought one for one grandson--his twin didn't think that was what he wanted for his BD, but a week later requested one1	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet to read Free Epub books that I have, but it didn't allow me to even look for the books, so I have it returned and exchanged for a cheaper one that still does a better job for those who wants to read free Epub books	27in FHD Monitor
THIS TABLET IS GREAT FOR THE PRICE. ABLE TO PLAY GAMES WATCH VIDEOS AND USE THE INTERNET. ITS GREAT FOR KIDS AS WELL	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great little tablet for people who want to learn more of the modern world. Simple programs, easy hook up to wifi and an easy touch screen. The only down side is the lack of memory, which is ok since this is my kids first tablet.	Google Phone
Kindles are great as long as your not expecting a tablet that's top of the line. So far no problems.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is the BEST tablet for the money anywhere on the planet!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is just the right size for someone who doesn't want to always use their phone while on the go. Must have wifi but that's not a problem. The response to the touch isn't bad at all. It isn't an iPad but it does the job fo rmusic, books, youtube, facebook and other small applications.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a 1st gen fire. Battery started getting week after 4 years. Bought this as a replacement. I like the expandable SD slot and the camera. Much better than the first at 20% of the price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this tablet for my 6 year old for his birthday because he chose it when we went shopping for a tablet. He loves it and it is easy to use	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my daughter, she loves it. Works great. She's dropped it several times and it just keeps on working! No issues at all.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
No longer takes charge from manufacture charger or any other type of charger. Product did not last very long since had 7 months.	Wired Headphones
EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND THE PRICE IS EXEPTIONAL.THE UNITS IN STOCK AND GRATE FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSE.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Extremely simple to use upon powering the device up. Within a few minutes I synced my audio books & interfaced my email accounts in under 10 minutes. I'd definitely recommend this tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for a travel tablet for my niece. This was great! able to play amazon music, download a few books and movies, and we were off! I was not planning on this being a primary tablet, but it certainly did the trick for our trip and kept her occupied (even in traffic) for a 4 hour car ride. I am enjoying it for books as well.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The kids program option are great. Don't like that I have to register tablet in order to buy anything though.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for our daughter to use, but nothing worked right and was difficult to use. It's a fairly cheap $$ product, and it shows. Ended up returning it and buying a Samsung the next day.	Flatscreen TV
Starting with the issue. This is the cheaper version because it had ads. If you want to remove the ads it will cost you $15. This might be stayed in the fine print but this is not mentioned or brought up by the salesman.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Perfect for what my 8 year old uses this for. Watching programs and playing learning games.	ThinkPad Laptop
You get what you pay for. It's $50 and that's about the quality you get. Overall works great but slow and crashes occasionally. Not the best battery.	27in FHD Monitor
Great product and works very well with no buffering on wifi.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this item for my son because the last one needed replacing. Easy to use to read books and do internet searches.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to navigate for beginners. My child used it for homework.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this product for grand child and he really likes it. Kept him busy on long trip.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love it love it love it love it love it love it love it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love my tablet it is great for reading books and also playing games	Apple Airpods Headphones
I use this to read things and purchase items on Amazon. It doesn't play all of my favorite games from the App Store, nor does it sync to my android projector, so I don't really get full use of the larger screen. I think for my uses, I should've just purchased the e-ink version or maybe a full-android version.	
I purchased these as door prizes and they are always loved to those who win!	Google Phone
Bought these for my kids and wife. Kids love it and wife like sit as well. Wish it had Google play store though.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a gift for my niece and she loved it. It is very user friendly and the right size.	27in FHD Monitor
I am enjoying this product very much. great buy!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Surprisingly good and useful for the price. You really can't beat a $50 tablet. But remember, it still is a budget tablet. Tip: Adding anti-glare matte screen protector will great improve user experience and your interaction between finger and screen surface. Just like other budget tablets, Kindle Fire 7 lacks that coating finish on screen surface which will cause screen to attract smudges more than tablets with that coating.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a nice tablet useful on the go and I love it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I think my Aunt likes her new toy. It is Amazing how technology marches on. This unit is perfect as an introduction to the tablet for people. Even if you have other tablets this is a wonderful addition because you can take it with you as if it's a throwaway. It has the slot to expand memory and the headphone jack has plenty of power and quality sound. It supports Bluetooth audio also. Any gadget freak should add this to their collection.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It was for my nephew for his birthday and he loved it. So that's my review. If you decide to buy a Amazon Fire for someone's birthday or Christmas they will love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for the kids, however if going out of country might not work didn't for me overall the kids enjoy 5	Wired Headphones
For the price it is a great tablet. Not as good as an android but still good	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Gifted to kid and they liked it. Screen resolution is not great but sufficient	27in FHD Monitor
everyone has enjoyed this item. Great fun for the whole family.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my grandmother who does a lot of reading and playing games. She hasn't put it down!	Lightning Charging Cable
easy to use, best value for the price, and i would recommend this product to everybody	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have a kindle myself and love it so wanted to purchase one for my grandson's birthday. He's 11 yrs old and he loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great price for this easy to use tablet for younger kids! Easy to get it going.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for a 5 yr old to showcase all her photos. She loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
"I was very shock how fast this tablet is. It's just the right size and speed; the performance is better than most of the tablets in this price range. Go and get one.....its perfect for the young ones."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love that this now has a sd slot. Its amazing to watch movies that we downloaded, read books. Its a little slow but for the price its amazing. Great speakers and picture	Wired Headphones
Good little tablet for what I wanted, a few games, reading, web browsing. Came to me with slight flaw in corner of screen where there is a spot that looks brighter than the rest of the screen but can't beat the price I got on sale $30!.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good purchase for what I needed it for. Easy to use	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my husband to download books, play games, and surf the Internet. I wasn't sure he would like a tablet and this was a good, inexpensive trial tablet. He really enjoys it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for kids but you have to keep your eye on them to protect them	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
How can you go wrong? $40 for a tablet that you can use as an E-reader, to check social media, to play games on? Small enough to fit in your purse? Surf the web? And it's pretty fast. I highly recommend this for anyone who is looking for an affordable tablet to use for basic things or for children who are rough on their toys. I plan to buy one of these for my mother who has an older iPad that is awfully slow.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
excellent, good to handle easy for ant teenage to used	Google Phone
Love my tablet for the price I paidWill buy again .	20in Monitor
Just right for my mom. Got it and put prime on it for her and Netflix along with some games. I think she likes it.	Google Phone
From the time when the kindles came out I was not so sure on how well they would work, well this one is a good companion for students and to keep you entertained.	Google Phone
Love how I can continue to read outside in the sun	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a simple tablet and easy to use. I would buy it again.	27in FHD Monitor
This is great for my mom. It is easy for her to use	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The only drawback is that this tablet does not have access to all apps. Other than that it is a great product.	Wired Headphones
It's a nice fast table with upgradable memory. App store provided by amazon is ok limited good apps. It's not google or IOS store but still ok. Screen resolution is great in HD streaming work really well. I recommend this tablet because it is also easy to hold, very thin and light.	USB-C Charging Cable
tablet is good for older kids with added boundaries	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good deal. Nothing special, but a lot for the money! Would buy again, we have multiple.	Wired Headphones
The kindle fire is such a great tablet with alot of different apps and so easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Present or grandma's birthday. She loves it. Would recommend	Lightning Charging Cable
I like the tablet, its fast enough for my daughter and would like it more without the ads or constant 'buy buy BUY!' taste I get while using it. Free underground apps are nice, my preference is plain jane android so I can control it. Do like the limit kids account I was able to setup so she doesnt change all the settings.	USB-C Charging Cable
This Amazon Fire has some nice features that my old Kindle Fire HD did not, like a camera and microphone for video chat. I wish that its keypad would do swiping, though. I miss that and am not as happy with the autofill on this model. Overall, though, it operates well. The browser could be a little faster.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Cool item for a great price! Purchased when on sale so was like $39.99! Great little tablet!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet, my son loves it. Great resolution. I might get a second one for my daughter.	Google Phone
For the money best Bang for your buck....Really great if you subscribe to amazon prime.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Picked this up for a birthday present. Had previously purchased one for myself. This is the perfect tablet for any age. The Google Play store can also be sideloaded.	iPhone
This is an amazing device for $50 . Nothing more to say!	Wired Headphones
Was a little skeptical because it was so cheap, but a perfect tablet for my 6year old!	20in Monitor
"I like this 7"" tablet. It is a little slow starting up, but cost and display are very good. It is compact enough to take with you. Battery seems good so far.I put on a few games for the grandkids. I am glad I purchased this tablet."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice product for the money. Bought for an elderly person. Hope she will like it as I do!	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a great alternative to an iPad especially for the price!! I would definitely recommend!!	Flatscreen TV
Great overall. Easy to use and navigate on. Charge the battery fully and it doesn't last long. Only used for nightly reading mostly and the battery needs to be charged daily. Not thrilled about that	27in FHD Monitor
Serves the purpose of what it was purchased for even bought the 16 gb one as well!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Excellent price. Functions well. Added memory card for additional storage. Wonderful purchase for use as both reader and tablet!	USB-C Charging Cable
Lightweight, seems very durable. Bought so my toddler can use my kindle on a flight in a few weeks.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am very happy with this purchase. The price and quality of the product is very good.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome tablet for kids, they love it. Would recommend it to anyone	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect tablet for kids, they love it, easy to use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought these for my kids worth every penny!! With the micro Sd slot I was able to fill it with movie upon movie for a 1000 mile road trip, these were a god send for the kids	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a very nice tablet. Still learning how to use it. Always something new to learn on this tablet	27in FHD Monitor
My Dad loved it for his Fathers Day gift from all his sons.	iPhone
I bought this for my granddaughter because it was small enough to be carried around, big enough for her to read books on and her favorite color.It is sturdy in case she drops it. She is very happy with it and uses it all the time. Plus it was on sale and I got it for the same price as a black one. Normally Blue costs more. Don't know why but that is the story.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for reading. bought it as a gift for a middle schooler to enhance reading skills. They love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my third Kindle, quite easy to use, kid friendly	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle fire is very easy to use for anyone of any skill type with technology.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for my 7 year old daughter. Serves its purpose. It's easy to use and for the price you can't get anything better.	LG Dryer
This is a great inexpensive disposable tablet. It does run on Amazon's Fire OS which is based on android and designed for Amazon's app store. Technically you can side load it with other Android apps to get around some of the restrictions/limitations should you desire. If you are a big Amazon Prime fan (often using Amazon video/music, doing Amazon shopping), or need an inexpensive yet still very functional tablet then just get it. For the price, you can't beat it. If you are expecting a big major functioning tablet that uses the Google Play store or is comparable to an Apple iPad that is 6x the price, then this is not for you but you won't find that in this price range.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son and my daughter is very happy they play nice games	Lightning Charging Cable
I get this for my 11 years old daughter ... Is good, basic tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet was everything I expected and some. Great product for the price.	Flatscreen TV
This is a great tablet for my 9yr old, and a great price to go with it.	Wired Headphones
My granddaughter bought my first Kindle Fire for me. After that, I bought one for my husband and one for my friend. They are great!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this tablet, everything is excellent for the price except no google play store. I am not a fan of subpar apps, takes Amazon's outdated Facebook app. Accept Google Play and I will rate 5 stars.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is the perfect solution for my needs. I could easily have spent much more money for features and capabilities that I don't need. Price, size and functions are just right.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my wife. She loves it. Pictures taken with the camera are OK but not the greatest.	Wired Headphones
Bought this fire for my son . There are apps dedicated for every mile stone in his life it's durable he drop it about 20 times and even in the water. I will buy again	Wired Headphones
It may not be a speed demon, but this tablet runs very well and the Fire OS is easy to navigate and use. I'm taking off one star due to some annoying limitations like the fact that the OS makes you use its own browser at all times, but overall it's a smart buy if you want to test a tablet out!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon added ads to this less expensive tablet. Annoying	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my 6 yr old son, I was looking to get him the Samsung tab 4 but this was a great deal less money. It works for the things he does.	USB-C Charging Cable
Ok device for the asking price. Would give as first time user	Google Phone
Best thing for me!! Does everything I want it to !	Wired Headphones
Did not need a large tablet,just something to use in my spare time.Has all the features I need,from books to games and can also axcess my emails.The price was very good(under $50).	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is great for family use. For the price it was great. I can leave it out,and the children LOVE it. The TV is very lonely now.	iPhone
My first kindle and would buy another one. It does what I expected it to and more.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased two for my nephew and niece. They love it. My little nephew is having lots of fun taking pictures. Great tablet and affordable price.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my mother 12/7/15 as a Christmas gift, which I gave to her on the day 12/25. Just this week 1/8 she called to tell me that the tablet was not working right. I went to see her and check it out. Sure enough it wasn't functioning properly. I'm hoping that when I take it in, it will be replaced without a problem. I know sometimes items are just defective. That's why I would recommend this item. I've had my Kindle Fire for 3 years now with never a problem.	Lightning Charging Cable
"Has kid timers to limit your child's time using the tablet. Fun camera for kids with ""stickers"". My kids love it!"	20in Monitor
Awesome tablet for a cheaper price. Does what a regular kindle does.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am satisfied with my tablet. I bought three of them for my grandchildren for christmas. I like the games and reading. And I really like the parental feature on it especially how things are in the world of the internet. Its always good to know that someone else is watching your back!	USB-C Charging Cable
Very happy with this product. I was all we expected it to be	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Go for it what ever spending on this more than worth of it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet. I store all my kindle books on it. I also set it up for my 4 year old grandson to play on it.	Lightning Charging Cable
It was a nice gift to give for the price.the person looked it to add to rest of Amazon products.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its no ipad or samsaung but it works i dont have a problem with it. And the price was great on black Friday	27in FHD Monitor
this is a nice little tablet. For the money you cannot go wrong.	Wired Headphones
Brand name tablet at a no-name price! Seems fast & the display is bright. And it's backed by Amazon.	Wired Headphones
Love it bought one for my daughter and ended up buying one for myself	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love these Tablets .. They work well . They seem to work great. From what I've seen the battery lasts a long time .They are expandable up to 128gb possibly more sd card. The price was rite to. my sons dropped his a couple times and it still works...All and All I would rate it 5 of 5 we are very happy.. I strongly suggest these tablets . my kids have broken way more expensive tablets .I bought my nephews kindles years ago they still use them .	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works well, especially when its given for a gift for someone for the holidays.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Purchased for my 6 year old he loves it works great	iPhone
I purchased two of these for a 3 and 12 year olds. They don't have much internal memory, but SD cards are cheap. The screen resolution is pretty good for the price.	Google Phone
The overall price and quality for this item was hands down a great value	Wired Headphones
The Fire Tablet is a great eReader. I bought it primarily to read my eBookson Kindle. Much lighter and easier to read compared to my Samsung Tablet. Even though there is less text on a page - I can read faster with the Fire Tablet. Also, the Silk browser works great for my needs - can Read emails, Flipboard and Pulse. The Fire Tablet Rocks!!!Richard	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this tablet. I am still figuring out some of the options available on it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
For $35 you can't go wrong, even at the reg price of $50 I would recommend this to anyone. Does everything I need it to and more. Web surfing, emails and books all at your fingertips. The ability to download games, etc is just an added bonus. Prime is not needed but works great if you have it. I am forgoing the purchase of a case, because at $50 I could just buy a new tablet if anything ever happened to this one. Thanks amazon!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my 3rd Kindle. Need I say more? I have not been disappointed with this product and the value of the product is better each time I purchase it!	USB-C Charging Cable
It would be better if it had a better camera. Its still a great tablet!	Flatscreen TV
I am a teacher and bought a many of these during the Thanksgiving weekend sale. They have been a great asset in the classroom as an extra web browser. They are easy to use and set up. I don't personally read much on these devices, but would recommend them as an affordable and reliable tablet for every day use.	Wired Headphones
He plays his games and we can put parental controls on this tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought it to read and I couldn't resist the great price.	iPhone
Good for kids and parents great products hope to get mote	Lightning Charging Cable
Compared to the initial kindle this is a big impovement. Great for the Black friday promotional price.	Lightning Charging Cable
co worker told me about this device and the price, so i checked it out and was very happy.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my granddaughter's Christmas present and she loved it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good for the price. Would buy it again for sure.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a very nice tablet for my younger daughter and especially the price!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's good for what I paid for it $35 now it's $50 yes	Wired Headphones
We purchased these for our twin 4 yr olds. These are working out great for them.	Lightning Charging Cable
It kind of small yes, but very practical if you do not want to buy I pad mini	USB-C Charging Cable
Got my 6 year old his own tablet for christmas. Easy to use nice size . The reviews made me think twice but got it anyways glad i did take the chance	27in FHD Monitor
My daughter plays on her tablet all the time. Well worth it.	iPhone
This is a good inexpensive tablet. It is only a little heavy and doesn't have a good camera. Other than that, the rest ia very good	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use. Good value. Buying experience was typical for Best Buy - helpful and knowledgable staff made buying experience easy and was able to purchase with confidence for application intended.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wanted to have something larger than my cell phone and smaller than my laptop for internet access! Faster than either one of them!	Lightning Charging Cable
I have never had a problem with Kindle and would recommend them to anyone.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought 2, 1 did not work out of the box. Too slow, too much trouble to setup and requires amazon account to use. Returned both items	iPhone
Great the product is upto the mark kids will love it	Flatscreen TV
I bought this item ad a gift and would buy it again hands down.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excelent tablet for kids, easy to use and good parental protection	Wired Headphones
Given as Christmas gift to my great little nephew ..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very impressed with this tablet. I usually only purchase Samsung products but I needed something affordable for my children that wasn't terrible like the other knock off brands. This tablet is fast. Needs me memory but it is perfect for my kids. I bought 4!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 3 of these for Christmas gifts. Great gifts	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a Christmas gift for a family member. He absolutely loved it!	Flatscreen TV
Bought my wife one 2 years ago, she loves it. Picked up 2 Moore for Christmas gifts. Great price.	iPhone
This is my First Fire and I am very satisfied with my purchase	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I own a larger Kindle but find it hard to just throw in my purse or travel with. This was a great price & perfect size. My granddaughter even got to use it to watch Netflix on while confined to bed after surgery. Very pleased with my purchase.	Wired Headphones
I have really wnjoyed this tablet has not given me any reasons to dislike it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great little tablet. I haven't used my computer in weeks because the little tablet is so handy. Can't believe it took me so long to get one. Also bought my son and grandson one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for my children and grandchildren to give my mom. She thinks she needs an electronic device like all the kids have, so this was perfect. She can play games and have email and the kids help her with books and videos. Perfect for grandma	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased 2 of these for my kids, (7yrs and 15yrs old) and they love them. They're constantly staying on them. The battery lasts for about 8 hrs and not long to charge. I love the fact they they come pre-charged too. What ever you do, please buy a case for them. I couldn't have brought a better budget tablet.	Wired Headphones
Great for a kid beginning. Cheap prices and plays all his games	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this device, what I like is the parental controls with the apps that kids want to explore and download it could be dangerous, but its not. Also this has the capability of having a 128 gb memory card. With the features of Amazon that means access to underground games and the ability to download shows and movies. This is a great product for beginners and the advanced.	Wired Headphones
Easy to get on and use to work Amazon Fire tv as well as to surf the web.	Google Phone
Great tablet got the money plenty of features and easy to use and big enough to ser	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Pleasantly surprised with the Amazon Fire tablet! Have used many apps on it and the dang thing works like a charm. For that low of a price I really think I got my money's worth out of it. It's great for watching Hulu and Netflix and Amazon prime of course.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
a great deal for a good product. very compact yet easy to view screen, and user friendly.	Wired Headphones
With the capability of apps and other things, my kids don't even touch my computer, this thing does everything.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the 3rd fire in my family. This one was for my mother in law. The other two are my wife and my kids. These are easy to use and work well with Amazon as you would expect. I would recommend them as a starter tablet. I have used both Apple and Galaxy tabs and this one fits in well.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet mostly because the price was extremely affordable. I like that it's easy to use and set up easily to my Amazon account and all my books.	USB-C Charging Cable
Simple tablet that does what it is supposed to do. Don't be too worried about the 8 gig memory, you can use a memory card to upgrade	Macbook Pro Laptop
My son loves this tablet. No complaints. You can't beat the quality at this price	USB-C Charging Cable
Got for my grandparents. It was easy to set up and they are very excited about them.	Wired Headphones
Really nice. Small enough to cary in a purse or brief case. Easy to use and lighting is good. Just need to buy a case to protect the glass.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love that I can set time limites for my 5 yr old.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great tablet ! I got it on sale around Thanksgiving and it was worth it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love this! I use it for my crochet patterns as well as my books!	iPhone
This tablet is very affordable and has more then enough things to do on it. Has features more expensive tablets have at a fraction of the cost. If something were to happen to it,it wouldn't be a crazy tragedy due to the price it is listed at.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Would recommend this tablet to friends and family. This is my third Kindle product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son really loves his new tablet. This is agreat starter tablet for my 5 year old.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this tablet for my son to replace his older kindle fire. Works great!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I picked up 3 units for Christmas gifts for my kids they loved them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for kids. It is easy for them to use it. They love the apps. Great parental controls.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for a beginner. I'm impressed with its features	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon always has great products, I would purchase again	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought this for our teenage son. It's easy to use and he loves it. We ended up purchasing another for our 7 year old daughter.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this tablet for my 7yr old for Christmas and she loves it. It very simple to use for children and I love playing on it too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased 3 of these as christmas gifts for nieces & nephew.	Lightning Charging Cable
"The new 7"" Kindle Fire is an excellent product for the kids. The compact size makes it easy to travel with and the apps are great. Amazon hit a homerun with this one!"	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great price for an introductory tablet. Bought for my brother in law who is not tech savvy. He has loved it. Easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it for my 5 yr old grand daughter and she absolutely loves it! The Kidzobe package is the best	20in Monitor
I got this tablet for $35 on black Friday. Plenty of speed for surfing the web and playing games. The screen looks pretty good for budget tablet. My 4 year loves watching movies and playing free games with it and setting screen time limits and other parental controls make it a great buy.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet. Easy to read the screen, fast. Great price.	27in FHD Monitor
I got this for my mom. I have a Kindle and there are always free games available for it but not for the tablet she had so i got it for her and download a bunch of games for it. The only problem is the games seem to drain the battery fairly quickly	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for my son for Christmas and he loves it. Easy to use for a beginner	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great entry level tablet for kids. Easy to use, easy to control!	Wired Headphones
Happy with this item. Able to use it with ease. Would recommend this item to others. Easy to download things too.	LG Washing Machine
I purchased this tablet for my sister and she loves it!	Google Phone
Amazon makes great products it's that simple ,clean graphics	Wired Headphones
Easy to use, pages load fast, I use it for e-books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for Black Friday and the price was awesome, great for kids, easy to use and battery life is good! Nice charger and screen resolution is great. Great tablet overall	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my wife. The tablet is easy to setup, not very bulky. This is a tablet for casual use and not for any serious use. Simple interface and easy to use, great product as the first tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for Christmas for our 9 year old son, to take to school and out to restaurants. It was his favorite Christmas present. 6 times cheaper than an I-Pad mini, but he loves it as much as his full size I-Pad, but this is much more portable and smaller.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love everything only negative is the ads. My 9 year old daughter has claimed it as her own and operates easily.	Google Phone
Awesome! Unbeatable price! You can buy books and stuff! Magazines, games or whatever! Keeps my wife quiet for hours! Thank you Amazon!!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The size is just what I needed for my outdoors kit. I plan on using it mostly for reading. It fits in my pocket	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought two kindles for my children and they love them. They are easy to navigate for all of them .	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids love itBeats buying a galaxy tab that's double the price and compariable in my opinion.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I just love being able to read at night and not worrying I've lost my place if I fall asleep	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I Love it! It is easy for anyone to use. Easy to transport, too.	USB-C Charging Cable
I really enjoy the amazon tablet for paying my bills online and looking up recipes.	Flatscreen TV
Great tablet for the price, easy to use, small enough to fit in my pocket book when traveling, it basically replaced my samsung.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great value works great as a table has a good camera and serves as a good MP3 player. Love that the storage can be expanded.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Was told by family fire tablet. was best had opportunity to play with one went. Immediately to purchase one,then to find out it was on sale I was happy. February I will purchase Comcast or Netflix for. Birthday. From Best buy	Lightning Charging Cable
I think this is a good tablet. I will order more. It loads the games quickly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Still feeling my way, but if I have any more question will check with the geek squad.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Best Fire tablet for a small price. Works well for my first tablet. Would recommend to anyone looking for a good affordable tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this for my fiancee for her Christmas present and she loves it. It's got great picture quality, excellent audio and great response/reaction time!	USB-C Charging Cable
I rate 10 of 10 for price paid vs product quality.	Macbook Pro Laptop
it is awesome for the price can't ask for more, and it's on sale when i got it.	Google Phone
Purchased the Kindle fire fir my grandfaughter and she loved it. It was so easy for her to use. The size was perfect http://www.hippressurecooking.com/pressure-cooking-times/	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect gift for my mother and mother in law. Easy to use wonderful graphicsAwesome tablet	Google Phone
We bought this for our youngest 2 now our oldest 2 wants one! What's great is the price and you can expand it from 8gb up to 128gb I believe!	USB-C Charging Cable
I think this tablet works as well as my $200.00 8in. HD Kindle Fire. At $35.00 it is a steal, it is such a bargain!	Macbook Pro Laptop
You can't beat the price. Perfect tablet for a child.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My mother loves her tablet. She has been playing with it on a daily!	Lightning Charging Cable
great item for easy parental control... good size nice sounding speakers easy to use. but in a case asap!!! i bought more than one thank goodness... this item n the floor are not friends lol	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for my 6 year old and it is very easy to use. She loves it. You can't go wrong for the money.	27in FHD Monitor
So far no problems except no kid friendly case for tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet, apps are in Amazon's app store, works great !when I initially downloaded software, I received a virus which I, managedto load my antivirus, but just barely since using the keypad was difficultwith the virus (iiicandy virus), but running the software A/V I managed to remove it... Have Kaspersky A/V for android...	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like the way parents control what thier child and what programs they see or use	ThinkPad Laptop
I used it to watch movies when I was recently in the hospital. The picture was very clear.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for someone who don't have any experience with electronics.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for watching movies, videos. Playing games. Shopping on Amazon. It's small enough for travel easy to set up and the price was very affordable.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Enjoying it at work on break and for listening to music	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought these for my young grandchildren (5 & 7) and they love them. They love to take pictures and make videos. They also play games on them. The battery life lasts for a long time also.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was looking for a tablet for my niece and I got it for 37 $$ no other deal can beat this	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my husband for Christmas and it is great. Easy to use and just what he was wanting.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased 2 to give to my daughters for Christmas. They really enjoy them. They were easy to set up and they are easy to read on.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandchildren love their tablets.they are easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Picked this up for my wife, Wanted a spare tablet for watching some random shows and do some book rentals/reading from Amazon. $49.99 is a price that can't be beat, wish i would of picked it up on Black Friday as it was only $34.99.The Tablet has a single speaker, its loud enough for sitting in bed or in a room, also has a 3.5mm standard headphone jack to plug in headphones, or use Bluetooth.Screen resolution is very good for a budget 7"" screen. Nothing high def (HD) but for the screen size it is very good. If you come from a higher end Android or iPad, you may be disappointed at first with the screen, however you need to realize where this tablet sits on the Tablet Echelon, its entry level for both Amazon and the entire tablet line for all tablets....its a $50 tablet that runs almost everything.Fire OS is very similar to Android OS, extremely simple and easy to use. You CAN make multiple logins on this device so kids have their own screen and apps, or make a guest account to be able to pass the Fire Tab to another person without having access to your information. Perfect for sharing.Battery life is great, lasts about 3 days with moderate use (email and web surfing with brightness on 100%)8GB internal memory isn't enough for more than 1 or 2 books and a few apps, highly recommend getting a 32GB micro SD card to expand the storage.It does come with unlimited Amazon Cloud storage for photos and music. Camera on the Fire Tab is good for well lit areas, no flash on the camera, but you can snap away photos and auto upload/backup to your amazon cloud drive. Also comes with a trial of Amazon PRIME.Would definitely buy again."	27in FHD Monitor
This is a very food tablet with its price. Very decent and affordable!0	Vareebadd Phone
Got this for 35$ thanksgiving day. Lighter than the original and actually faster than ipad air. The 32 micro sd only cost me 9$. There is no way ipad can beat this!!!	Wired Headphones
I had brought this for my daughter and father.. They love it!!!	27in FHD Monitor
Very good product. I recommend to anyone to buy it.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this Black Friday for an exceptional deal and my son loves it!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Works fine for what I wanted it for. Using as a remote for my home automation and entertainment system	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to operate for any age. I was amazed that even the four year old handled it like a pro.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is my third kindle and I love it even more than my other ones	iPhone
I bought this for my daughter 17 and my nephew 6. They both loved it. It's lightweight inexpensive and very easy to use and set up .The one drawn back you need be on wifi.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have not personslly used this item but it was a requested gift for family member so they obviously were aware of benefits. No complaints so far so guess it's good	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Best Amazon app for purchasing thinks. More memory card use 64 gb or more	Google Phone
My mom love this tablet. The graphics is cool and neat and my mom can see everything.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
great price on a tablet. Plus have always had great success with kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for searching the web & email. Good game apps. A bit disappointed that I don't have access to apps thru google & some videos will not play.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for my 8 year old she loves it. She got it for christmas and plays with it everyday.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is amazing works really good ...........	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have the Kindle Fire HD, so when i bought this i expected something up to that caliber or better. Sadly, it did not. In my opinion the older one is better in sound quality. The new one is lighter, but I did pay less for it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 11 year old. He loves it. Has access to the Amazon underground store so he can buy all the apps he wants. I've set controls so he can't accidentally buy something with real dollars. A great tablet - way beyond expectations for this price.	Flatscreen TV
Lovely upgrade for my sister from an old iPad gen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I would have never though this $35 tablet would have so much for me to do i love it	27in FHD Monitor
Very convenient and far from costly. It brings sufficient compatibility, and then some. In other words, I'm completely satisfied.	Wired Headphones
This Kindle has a decent screen and image quality. The feature I miss most is the lack of capability of this tablet to automatically shut down when you close the case - but understandable at the price point.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It works seamlessly. Very great for price and clean finish	Wired Headphones
Only thing it doesn't have is a place to put Sim card for WiFi.went to us cellular for WiFi but they cont because this item has no were to put a Sim card	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. Durable great material very happy with it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a Christmas gift for our daughter. Has easy app uploading and web browsing. Kid friendly.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Absolute junk, don't waste your money. Bought for wife for a Christmas gift. Would not connect to Wi-Fi at my house. Useless!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I was looking from long time and good deal found on best buy!!!	Wired Headphones
Best purchase ever, my eyes are getting bad with age and reading on my phone No longer works, great product for the price	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought two Amazon Fire tablets for my two boys. They love it. It is so easy for them. Great for netflix and app games. And its fast.	Vareebadd Phone
Great and inexpensive tablet which meets all my needs and expectations.	iPhone
I bought a couple of these for gifts for the wife & kids. They're great to use around the house while connected to WiFi.	LG Dryer
Bought two for the kids at Christmas, they love them!	Google Phone
I take it to travel. I don't have to worry about something big and bulky to carry on the plane, it's so simple it just slides right into my purse. It's easy to handle and easy to operate.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"This tablet was purchased for an older relative who just ""had to have a tablet"". Amazon has a lot of free stuff to download!!!--Set up was a breeze--Great Tablet and greater price."	USB-C Charging Cable
The picture is great. The motion rate makes any old movie look new and amazing. Only downside is it takes a while for the app center to load and be ready.	Lightning Charging Cable
Convenient, functional, practical device! I loved this product!	Macbook Pro Laptop
We bought this for daughter for christmas. Fantastic tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We are still learning all the abilities of the tablet. This is new tech to us. At this point it has certainly been a good item for the money invested.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it! It's so perfect for kids! Love that we can read books on them and I love the child lock lol! She loves the games too! Perfect for my girl!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a good product . Speed , price and apps are apt	Wired Headphones
Enjoy my Kindle Fire for the price. Easy to use and nice clear wording.	iPhone
I purchased this item as a gift for Christmas. Would have liked to have more memory with tablet.	Google Phone
Such a great deal for a great product!!!! My 69 year old mother loves this!!!	iPhone
This was a wonderful gift for my grand child ..parental control is wonderful option	Lightning Charging Cable
Tablet is great for my 7 and 14 year old. They love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
We have other Kindle Fire tablets and were wanting to purchase one for our granddaughter for Christmas. She loves this tablet and is a great fit for her.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice and good tablet to do basic things like surfing.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this tablet for my sister she loves reading books she can downloaded as many as wants	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It works well and for the price you can't go wrong.	Google Phone
This item is perfect for my son. Now he has his own game system no more low battery for my phone. Price is the best part you can't go wrong with this choice . I am very satisfied .	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for the price. Easy for kids to use & great parental controls. Good educational apps & books for students. Worth the purchase.	27in FHD Monitor
So far so good. Inserted the micro SD card into my tablet and it works fine. I must say that it took 6 days to get here. If they had put it into the US mail, it would have been 3 days. UPS took forever and then they gave it to the USPS. DUH??!!! Amazon is better on shipping.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this product for my 7 year old. Its fast and has parental controls. Great product for an amazing price.	Wired Headphones
It was a good tablet for the very inexpensive price.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's easy to navigate and to search books and apps. My mother doesn't put it down unless she's at work	Lightning Charging Cable
This fire was easy to set up and easy to use for emails and Internet .	27in FHD Monitor
Bought as a gift for young relative, she loves it. Easy set up with parental controls.	USB-C Charging Cable
Was such a hit had to buy my niece one as well but we're sold out everywhere after Christmas	Apple Airpods Headphones
Yes, it does what I need and does it pretty well. I like the extra storage capacity, because I use it to store photos, a portable portfolio. I like the size, smaller and easier to carry than a tablet device. It is my second one. I use both units, the older one just does not have the storage capacity.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle fire has exceeded my expectations, especially given the $50 price tag. Easy to use for someone like me, who is not tech-savvy. Lots of awesome free apps, and I am finding new ways to play with it every day. Would definitely recommend this device to others.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my 4yr ild daughter, and its good for kids. A little different from a regular android tablet. Layout has alot going on but can get used to it.	20in Monitor
I recently purchased this product for my grandmother. She sees the text much better and the operating system is very smooth.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's very good for the price. No problems with the product	Apple Airpods Headphones
You get what you pay for, or so they say. We purchased 3 and 1 of the tablets has started to fail. Mind you my daughter has used it for a week. We have had to reboot it 2 times now. Of course we googled the issue and were able to fix the problem ourselves. It goes completely black. Other 2 tablets are perfectly fine so far.	Wired Headphones
My grandkids loved getting their own tablets for Christmas	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great cheap Netflix watching tool for the children	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It's a great little tablet with good features but isn't worth getting h less you have Amazon prime.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice beginner tablet for the younger person. Perfect size for travel	Macbook Pro Laptop
"I wanted them to have a tablet and after reading the reviews and price of the Amazon Fire; I was very pleased."	Flatscreen TV
I was looking for an easy and functional tablet for my parents for Christmas. They are learning how to use it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Ok several good features, just wish camera was better	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for a Beginner tablet bought this for my mother for Christmas and she loves it. Plays all the android games on it and runs no problem.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tablet for Web surfing, reading and social media. Also has a good camera	Wired Headphones
Great tablet I love it and does what I wanted to do and that's it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my 8 Year old easy to use and can take a hit. Can't tell u how many times he has dropped it and it works great!	Google Phone
Christmas gift! They were very excited. Think they are working very well.	Wired Headphones
This is a great kindle for the youngers at a great price!	Vareebadd Phone
cannot connect to bluetooth, for this price it is a nice item	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect first kindle easy to useeasy for kids!!!	Vareebadd Phone
Like the tablet but didn't realize you had to put up with the ads. Also don't like how Amazon blocks a lot of apps. You can get around that though.	USB-C Charging Cable
my moms favortie gift of chrismas 2015. i would recommend is product over and over.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like the tablet because it is a good size and east for a three year old to use.	Flatscreen TV
I got this tablet as a Christmas gift for my wife. She has really enjoyed using it. I get tickle at her playing games on it. You got to remember she is 65 years young! :-)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works well for children. It is user friendly and easy to use.	Vareebadd Phone
It is easy to use and very handy,light. I got it for my mom.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this Kindle as a gift for my 9 year old grand daughter. I have one of my own and absolutely love it. I read books, surf the web and also read all my personal emails with it. Great product for a great price! And so easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for my 12 year old for games and the like. Spending $15 at Amazon to remove ads is worth it. Don't like that you have to turn on tracking from some of the free games from the Amazon store.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is my second kindle for the price wasn't bad, however had to exchange it for another one right after was purchased. The screen would not come on.	27in FHD Monitor
My daughter just loves her new Kindle. It's so easy for her to use and there's plenty of free apps for her to play with To stay out of brothers hair.	USB-C Charging Cable
Does everything its supposed to. My daughter loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
This has a nice screen with good color. Also easy to manuever around the apps	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"The Fire tablet is great for the kids and runs smoothly most of the time. It sometimes freezes when in the kids profile such as when the apps have an ""x"" on them and won't open for an extended amount of time."	iPhone
Best quality around for the low price I play my games for hours	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my gran as a Christmas gift. She plays games on it all day, checks her Facebook and loves it. Super easy to use. If she can anyone can.	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought 3 fire tablets for Christmas. The kids loved them. It was a perfect gift to give.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is very user friendly. Recommend for most ages.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got the nieces, wife, and myself these for Christmas. Figures they were cheap enough, so why not.These are functional tablets in every way. We haven't found any problem with them. The display isn't a hi resolution, so I wasn't expecting great. I've had phones and tablet with the same resolution, but never one that looked quite as lack luster as this display. They are OK for the kids to beat around with because they broke the last tablet they had. This one probably wont last much longer, but it's cheap. I wish I would have spent a few more bucks and gotten better ones for my wife and I, though.If you want a disposable tablet or color reader for magazines and such, you'll probably be OK with this.If you want a good tablet, think about buying a good tablet.	Flatscreen TV
I bought this during Black Friday sales the price was very attractive but I didn't find it that attractive as YouTube stream was streaming slow it was taking 10-15 min to stream a single song.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Love device. Functional and easy set up. Enjoyed ability to just set up and use right away. My child liked available apps on Google play store.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Sold it on Craigslist the day I bought itWhat does that tell you.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got it for my son. He loves everything about it & likes that it even fits in most of his jean pockets.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Makes reading books easier. I love it! User friendly too!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Need Amazon account and bank account to use tablet. Bank card should be verified. Cheap product with terrible graphic. I returned that next day. Totally waste of money.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great deal for a handy tablet. I have no complaints.	Flatscreen TV
Its a good tab for the price. Would recommend it for entertainment or kids use only.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this tablet because of the price and the specs seemed fine but it is slow it freezes and crashes I dont think it was a good buy	Apple Airpods Headphones
Each of my three kids got this for Christmas ages 10,8,7. They all use for various reasons. The deal we made was you have a to read a book a week unless it is really long. The kids have used it to read but play games as well. A nice gift for forty bucks	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids love the kindle. It was their favorite Christmas present.	Lightning Charging Cable
It was bought for 11-year-old she seems to like it we will see	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my young grandchildren and they just love it. It is very easy for them to use and can be given a child profile.	USB-C Charging Cable
We had 1 fire tablet and we bought 2 more as gifts. We truly love these tablets. Very great purchase. Easy setup and use	Lightning Charging Cable
You get wath you paid not comparable to a apple tablet never	Vareebadd Phone
Nice beginner tablet for the little one to start off with!	27in FHD Monitor
Got it for Christmas and he loved it! Great for beginners.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
works great, easy to use, I use it in place of my phone so it's bigger	Wired Headphones
Great price for tablet. Son loves it. Easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gift for my sister and she is loving it!! Would definitely consider getting one for myself.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you want an inexpensive device to read Kindle books or do email this is it.	27in FHD Monitor
Picked this up for only $35 during BF sale. Functions smoothly and I can't find any other knock off tablets in this price range that is as smooth. Bought this for my 7 yr old to play games, stream media and such. It gives me relief that I won't be losing hundreds of dollars if she breaks it. It is cheap enough to replace if it happens.	Wired Headphones
This little treasure was found on Black Friday. Just what I needed as I had lost my old one. Great resolution on videos and easy on eyes for reading.	Google Phone
The only reason I gave it a 4 is because of the inability to download directly from the Google play store. Otherwise good image and quick response.	Google Phone
I bought this Amazon Fire tablet for my daughter and she loves it. It has good screen resolution and you can increase memory by inserting a micro sd card.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to navigate, right size, in expensive, my granddaughter loved it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought several of these tablets for my grandchildren. They love it!	Vareebadd Phone
While everything about the Kindle Fire 7 is great, it is lacking good sound	Lightning Charging Cable
I would say that it is not for kids is because my kids have been downloading game after game even with a 64 gig sd card the main operating system only allows about 2 gigs of games that cannot be transferred to the data card so storage is very limited	Apple Airpods Headphones
I brought this as one of the wished for items for our Adopt-A-Family. It appeared to be a nice device for viewing email, social media, and entertainment.	LG Washing Machine
Bought 2 for the kids so they can read and play games. I have bought other tablets under $100 and this one, in my opinion, is the best one for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased 7 of these tablets on black friday. We have enjoyed them a lot. I was worried about the clarity of games, since they aren't hd. But, they are fantastic. Lots of free books, apps, games. Very happy with my purchase	27in FHD Monitor
This is a good little tablet that takes a mini memory card. It is a little slow to load at start up, but otherwise is very handy and fast. Light weight and good for travel. At this price point ($50), I would not hesitate to recommend it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Santa brought three of these tablets to our boys and they absolutely love them. What an incredible product and you can't beat the price point. Perfect for the little screen time that they do get and I love that I can control what they have access to. You can even set requirements for reading time in order to unlock the ability to play games. Great tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price and value. Fast processing. Many games and user options available.	USB-C Charging Cable
Pick this up on impulse. Love it, have to go take it from the kids all the time.	Vareebadd Phone
Bought for my children for Christmas and it's great. The Free Time children's app is perfect for keeping my kids away from inappropriate sites. Don't like the screen savers are always ads.	ThinkPad Laptop
Good tablet if you are looking for one thet doesn't cost alot. Amazon has a nice app market as well	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased as gifts for kids and they really enjoy them.	27in FHD Monitor
Good item and also good price. My son and I like this!!	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought two of these Fire Tables online Black Friday. We loaded Google Play and then our Google accounts. I still can't believe they were only $35. One of the most exceptional buys for Christmas...or EVER. Very happy.	iPhone
Purchased this for my wife. She likes it. Can't go wrong with it.	Wired Headphones
It does the job required. It is easy to set up and use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love mine so Bought the grandkids once each for Christmas they love them. Good games, books and movies.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought 3 of these tablets for our household. Everyone really likes the size of this tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this little tablet. Price makes it easy to love.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my son for Christmas. He loved it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 8 year old son. This was his second tablet. Just his speed.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to setup, battery lasts for as long as needed. You can do all the basics that a higher end tablet does and is reasonably priced..	27in FHD Monitor
After going over all of the info on most all of the tablets on the market, I was having trouble deciding which one to get. But on Black Friday, for $35.00, for my first tablet, I was sold!	Vareebadd Phone
I use Amazon for everyday purchases and am a member of Amazon Prime. This tablet is extremely fast and seems to me to be very well built. I am now thinking about retiring my Nook Color that I have been using for a very long time.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
much easier to see games than iphone and to read:)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet for my cousin and she loved it.. My kids already had one so i knew she love it.. they are great for kids all ages my youngest got hers when she was 4 and she is 7 now and its still going lol.. she has dropped it and everything they are great tablets I have nothing bad to say about them..	27in FHD Monitor
Great tablet. Fast and easy to use. Got it as a black Friday sale thinking it was going to be a slow out of date tablet, but was surprised at how much I like it and use it. No lag, no bugs, has yet to freeze and great battery life.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My only complaint is that 8GB is really not enough memory if you do audiobooks or videos.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet - especially for the price. We bought 10 of them and gave them for Christmas gifts for family members	Apple Airpods Headphones
Kids love these and use them not only as readers but as mini tablets. Great price very happy!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this on Black Friday as a gift for my 9 year old. Set up was super easy. I like how I can create multiple profiles on the device so that my son only has access to what I want him to have access to.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Dual cameras work great. Perfect compact size not too big or small. The best thing about the tablet is that you can add a sd card up to 128gb.	Wired Headphones
Amazon has a great product with their Kindle Fire tablets. Much more affordable than an Apple IPad. This particular one was purchased on a black Friday sale at an unbelievable price. We are very pleased with this purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
I prefer this kindle to the first one I purchased. I like that it's similar to a computer and I can see the colors and it's not monochromatic. its lightweight which is great also.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Was hoping the screen a little bigger, but over all great picture, easy to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very nice tablet. It does everything I need it to do	Wired Headphones
Just the right size for her smaller hands and she likes being just like momma.	Lightning Charging Cable
I I bought this tablet for my son he is very happy with it	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a perfect fit for my in-laws. Their lack of knowledge with tech made this the perfect gift	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Camera has poor resolution, charging time is slow.	Wired Headphones
Black Friday deal for $35. regularly $49. worth it at $49 too. not a replacement for a laptop, but good battery life, and perfect for surfing the net, e mail, amazon content etc bought a cover for it on amazon.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for my nephew and niece for the holidays. They love it.	iPhone
Good tablet for cheap. Has a lot of functions that are useful	Wired Headphones
"Nice 7 "" screen for less than 50.0. Bought 3Gave to relatives . They love them"	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my mom because she was having surgery and could not get to desktop. She loves it for what it is designed to do. It not an iPad but does what it's designed to do b	Wired Headphones
Enjoy playing games and checking email and face book on this. Still learning everything it can do.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love it, great for games and youtube video	Apple Airpods Headphones
Better than I expected in performance very reposnsive	Bose SoundSport Headphones
At first the kindle launcher was super annoying. But once i rooted and installed nova launcher, this thing is great. For 33.00 i should have bought 5 of these.	iPhone
Easy to use and lots of fun. Was easy to purchase.	Flatscreen TV
Bought the tablet for my young nephews and they love it. This tablet is user friendly.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet at a very good price, it works for everyone in the house from downloading apps/games to reading.	Google Phone
Great price. Love it. Couldn't believe the price....	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a great Christmas present for my daughter!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent tablet for 50, works very well, surprise me when found it have bluethoot to connect with my sound dock.	Vareebadd Phone
Bought for my mom to help her with her hand coordination. She loves it..	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a good tablet for beginners. I bought them for my children for Christmas. They have been enjoying them.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Could not believe price I got the Kindle for. Great to have when the grandchildren come to visit and want to play on it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got the Amazon Fire 7Tablet for my daughter as a Christmas present and she loves it. It meets all her needs.	USB-C Charging Cable
Works great for what I need! It took a while to understand the motions but then I got it!	Lightning Charging Cable
This is amazing. And who can beat the price. Features and apps work well as well as touch sensitivity	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my 5 & 7 year olds. They love them. Easy to use. Highly recommend.	ThinkPad Laptop
I have a Kindle Fire that is about four years old and does not have a camera - I bought the new one primarily because it has a camera. I am not disappointed!! The new one not only has a great camera but it is not as heavy as my old one. Also, the new one is much more user friendly. Liked it so much I bought a second one to give as a gift. A great buy!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for the price. The Amazon OS is a bit sluggish but this is great for kids or to just keep laying around the house.	USB-C Charging Cable
She loves it! Uses it for everything! She gets her homework done on it as well!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought 3 of these for the kids. They have good amount of memory for all apps and music they could ever need, don't lag like other cheaper tablets. Overall very worth the price!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am very happy with my new fire tablet. it is easy to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
Amazon Kindle pleased my lady !! She is very happy with the Kindle and with the GSP added im not worried about it crabbing out either.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Kids love it. Does the job of an iPad but cost way less	Wired Headphones
Bought it for the kids to play with. I like it so far. Bought s few accessories to allow them to play with it	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my husband to use for the internet instead of his smartphone. It is simple to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Absolutely love this tablet! Its so much more than I thought it would be. Fadt, easy to use and set up for a tablet virgin. I love the kid profiles, setting up a time limit for the day and a curfew time (tablet shuts off), and was simple to do.movies,books,games,entertainment, web browsing, and much much more. I highly recommend this device for first timers and the experienced alike. DO IT! ,GET ONE. My only regret is that i didnt get two	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I got this as a Christmas gift for a family member. You really can't beat the price of this tablet, especially compared to other tablets in its price range. It blows the Digiland tablets out of the water. It is pretty simple to use, only thing that I don't like is the Amazon app store's selection of apps.	Wired Headphones
I recommend the Fire to all its teriffic and easy to operate it has a great battery I use it daily you would love it !!!!!!!!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love how I can read in bed without the light on so it does not bother my husband. And it keeps me from cluttering the house with so many books. Also don't have to wait til you make it to the store to buy the next book cause they are all right at your finger tips!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this on black Friday sale & for the price, you couldn't beat it. I ended up purchasing 3 of these. The graphics & camera are definitely limited, but if all you need is a basic tablet to run Amazon apps, this is great for the price. The fact that it is expandable with an SD card puts it above the more expensive basic Kindle that my kids use that constantly is full.	Wired Headphones
Got it on a Black Friday deal.... couldn't be happier	27in FHD Monitor
Love this tablet. I purchased one for my elderly mother and she is able to use it. Real easy set up and has many apps already ready to go when you turn it on.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect tablet for beginners. Simple to use great color and perfect size.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
NICE TABLET, BUT IT WANTS YOU TO PUT ALL YOUR BILLING INFORMATION IN AND A CREDIT CARD TO DO ALL PURCHASES. IS A HASSLE TO PULL UP PROGRAMS BECAUSE OF THIS. GOOD FOR A CHILD.	Wired Headphones
It works great for a kids tablet and the best is that you could add extra memory to it by adding a SD card.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a great table for the price. I purchased it so my grandchildren would leave my ipad alone. Its not an ipad but I have no complaints for the price. I find myself using it a lot playing games and surfing the internet. It is pretty fast and easy to use. I told my daughter about it and she purchased 2 for her twins.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's 35-50 bucks, there is no better tablet for that price range, toss in prime and it's even better!	Lightning Charging Cable
I have other Kindles and this one is okay. For the price it was a decent buy. I may go to a larger size the next time as this seems small.	Google Phone
I bought this because of its great price as a gift. It is a great tablet for someone entering the tablet experience. It has so many features just like the more expensive choices. Happy with purchase especially since we can add a memory card too . To	Wired Headphones
Good tablet, got it on black Friday for my daughter and it was only $39. Works well, no problems. My daughter loves it!	27in FHD Monitor
Great for traveling on a plane. Use this item for games newspaper and listening to music.	Google Phone
This is a great purchase for the price. I use it all the time to read on the go. It is like having a library in my purse	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great product, great for teenagers to read and play.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids enjoy reading and watching videos on it - good color	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The price is right! Can't beat the price on this model for an introductory tablet or a tablet for a child. Wonderful that the tablet offers internet access for books, games, and movies. Good size for travelling and small hands.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a Christmas present. It was excellent.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great starter tablet for media consumption and games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet performs surprisingly well, especially considering it's just $50. The HD screen produces good images & great video. I own two iPad Minis, and I must say that while this is not quite as exotic as the Mini, the price makes it the better value hands down. One key feature is that it has a micro SD slot, which allows you to instantly increase storage capacity (up to 128GB, I believe). This makes it very capable of managing large amounts of photos & videos.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This table is okay for me. But it is great for kids	Lightning Charging Cable
Me and my Boyfriend naught this for his niece so she could play games on it. She liked being able to have us download games to help her spell on it v	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this item for my husband for Christmas. We were wondering if he would really like it as he usually just likes to read actual books, but he immediately loved it. It's very user friendly and he has enjoyed getting to know all the ins and outs of it. It is a great way to read a book, but it has so many other uses too. I'm very glad I purchased this item. It's proven to be an excellent purchase.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"I am enjoying this tablet. I'm sure there are more advanced tablets available but with the price and the certificate it was practically free. This is my first electronic item with a touch screen and its fun. I'm still learning how to use all the features. I would recommend it to a friend but I think its already being replaced with the next generation 8"""	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet for my daughter and I love the parental control features! The tablet works wonderfully with excellent memory for storage!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought the Kindle Fire mostly for use as an MP3. As a Black Friday deal of only $24.99, couldn't beat it. So far, it is working great as an MP3. I was able to download songs and playlists from my computer. Purchasing games and books have also been easy.	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife purchashed this. It will be perfect for traveling...read books...check e mail ..... surf the web.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The kindle is great for general, all-purpose use of a tablet/e-reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price, nothing beats this. It's not a great tablet but if you only need to surf the web, email and have a decent chat, then this tablet works.	Lightning Charging Cable
AWESOME LIL TABLET I BOUT THIS FOR A CO WORKER AND THEY LOVE IT	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am loving this tablet. I bought it during the Black Friday special just to check it out. Ended up buying a second one for my 3 yr old. Now that I know how good they are, I would not hesitate to purchase one at full price. I use it daily for my email, games and web surfing. I have also listened to music, read a couple of books and watched videos. I will say that you do need to remember that it is a $50 tablet, so don't expect to get $200 worth of tablet! But keep your expectations realistic and you will not be disappointed.	
Amazon fire tab is good for begineers or for kids. Memory and disk gets occupied soon. Suitable for fewer apps.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this kindle for my 75 yr old mother. She loves it.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great tablet for reading and playing games. Graphics are great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My nephew loved this for Christmas. He can now read, surf the web, play games, watch movies all on his kindle fire. Definitely an aunt win!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet which is child friendly and somewhat durable	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
All my friends have a computer and I figured I would start with the tablet. I am very pleased with my choice.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great value for what I needed. Just using it to receive email ordersfrom Grub Hub for my restaurant	USB-C Charging Cable
Very easy to use. I bought it for my 6 year old. Quality and ease of use is really great. Would recommend buying this first before getting an ipad for your child.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great buy - and especially for the price. Use it every day. Screen is great, features good. Highly recommend it.	iPhone
was skeptical about the small size but a few minutes of checking it out showed me that this is a great little tablet. gave as a gift and she loves it. portable and great display.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great Kindle, super easy to set up and transfer info from old kindle	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for my sister and she loves it. She plays a lot of games on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This fit my price range perfectly so that is why I bought it. Works as expected.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my son to use for movies, games etc.... HE LOVES IT!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love how clear the screen is and the tablet is easy to use. I love that I can make a profile for each of my kids and put limits on what they do and how long they get to play.	iPhone
I got this tablet for my 7 yr. old daughter, for the price its very good. Its the perfect size for small children.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for my 9 year old niece and she LOVES it. Very kid friendly.	Wired Headphones
Bought 2 of these for my grand children. 4 and 2. They love them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great product and a really good by for the price. Great buy at best buy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my 10 year old grandson and it was easy for him to learn and became his favorite Christmas present.	Wired Headphones
Great price and bargain, especially if you have Amazon prime it works well with it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Its ok for price point but it is heavily advertised to manipulate you to purchase more from amazon.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For all it can do at this price level is amazing. Makes great gift too	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought it for kids to play with and not have to worry about kids breaking it since the price is okay. Also use it as a mean to do video chat. OK video quality, not too bad.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I've had the old kindle 7, but love this one more. It's a little smaller so it's easier to hold while using it. Great for playing on apps, checking stuff online, and reading books. Easy to travel which I love	Wired Headphones
If you are a Prime member and use Kindle for reading, this a great tablet. I wish there were more apps made to work in the Fire tablet, like NFL Mobile and NFL Fantasy.	Wired Headphones
This is a great starters tablet. Easy to use and compact.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am very happy with this purchase. My kids love it and find it very easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon tablet is great it's been working fine for me and I recommend it to anyone	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very easy to setup and I love the colored screen. Great for reading books or just surfing the web. You will not be disappointed.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet comes with a camera and takes good pictures. It's light in weight which makes it great for reading. This tablet is fast.	Wired Headphones
This is a great little tablet! Me and my brother in law bought one originally for his dad because his laptop was getting a little old and the main thing he does on it is watch Youtube videos. It performs fine for what he does it for. It was such a steal my brother in law got one himself because he wanted to play games on it and again, works perfectly! Great buy for the price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great starter tablet or tablet or kids. I bought one for myself and gave two as gifts. My daughter loves hers and uses it for homework, games, videos, and video chatting with my sister. I use mine to play games and web browse, as well as watch videos when I am waiting somewhere. I love the Amazon Music feature and use it to listen to music both in my car with the Bluetooth feature and my Bluetooth speaker system. I have Amazon Prime, so my experience has allowed me to get the most out of my tablet, but I cannot imagine using it without Prime. My only gripe is that devices on the same Prime account overlap content, which is a bit inconvenient when I am trying to keep my content separate from my daughter's. It is still a great buy and I am satisfied with my purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the money. I mostly use it to watch Netflix or Hulu movies and read books on Hoopla. The picture is great and suits my needs. The sound is not the best but its okay.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Works great, easy to use and can easily be changed to Android.	Wired Headphones
"Works great, nice picture, pretty fast; only downfall is that you can't access the Google Play Store, which I needed due to some specific apps. That's the only reason for 4, not 5 stars. I will still keep it though. Great for the price"	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this for my mother who isn't very tech savvy as I needed to get her something to get use to touch screens and smart devices. Its fairly user friendly and she is doing well with it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
For the cost, this is a best buy, if you are tech savvy there are multiple things to come from these tablets. Android is available just have to know how to get it.	Lightning Charging Cable
good deal. but i hate that because i buy tax exempt, that best buy doesnt give me the reward points anymore. that sucks!	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my mom who is a first time tablet user. It is easy to use and I love that fact that I did not spend a fortune to get her started!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second kindle. I bought the original kindle when it came out and loved it! I upgraded to this newer version only because I dropped my old one and damaged the charger port. I'm extremely happy with the new version and use it daily.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought 3 of these for our kids and they love them. Nice prenatal features to limit use and restrict content in the Amazon eco system. Build quality seems good. Glad we choose these over the cheaper brand that was only a few bucks less.	USB-C Charging Cable
Works great without having to startup your laptop to look up items on Amazon.	Google Phone
The fire is a decent tablet. It mostly uses the Amazon store so you are limited as to some of the apps. If you want something not HD to watch YouTube or search the net, then it is worth the purchase. For the price it is a well made product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my daughter and ordered a protective case for it. She really enjoys amazon free time and I really like the way amazon software works.	iPhone
The graphic display is vibrant and just the right size. It is easy to read and has great value for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great value for the price. Gave them as a gift to my in-laws. They enjoy using them. Reliable name and product.	27in FHD Monitor
My grandkids love these tablets.They are easy for them and they are having a great time with them	Wired Headphones
Very good for in bed watching of Amazon Prime shows. Not as fast as other options, but excellent for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this as a Christmas present for my young nephew. Easy Wi-Fi set up and works great .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It keeps up with my Samsung Tab 4 I have no complainants at all..	Lightning Charging Cable
great tablet at a great price. easy to use. great screen quality	USB-C Charging Cable
We got two of these tablets for my twins for Christmas and they are great. Using the parental controls plus the durability you cant beat the price. Also there have been not one issue with the tablet. Great inexpensive tablet for kids or anyone.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
System loads slow, but otherwise is ok. Be aware that you are not buying a full tablet. It was what I was looking for!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great little device for traveling. Perfect for reading books & playing games on the go. Was priced great during the holidays	Wired Headphones
The amazon fire hd is really nice. Does everything I need it to	Apple Airpods Headphones
A bit confusing compared to the older style. I am not a big fan of this version. I wish we could take off things that we are not using like we could with the older version. Great for the price.It has an awesome parental control though.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon killed the tablet market by introducing this!! $50 for a high quality tablet. Needless to say, everyone got one for Christmas. Easy to use and great quality just a wierd packaging	Google Phone
Got this item for my 10 yr old son , easy to navigate . .	Wired Headphones
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend's 8yr old daughter. She absolutely loves it, and it was easy to set up and use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got these for my teenage daughters and they loved them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my daughter and she absolutely loves it. I recommend it to any parent for a child.	iPhone
I bought this for my niece for Christmas. I must say it is fast and comes with Amazon underground apps which are all free. Great value!	Wired Headphones
I purchased for a 7 year old perfect buy. She loved it	USB-C Charging Cable
I like my stuff... was greatly delivered .. nice job....	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great. Love the kid option. Easy to use. Power lasts longer than I thought.	Lightning Charging Cable
very handy to buy parents or grandparents with reading the numbers of choices on ONE tablet instead of carry 10 books if you are out of state trip like plane.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my grandma and she absolutely loves it! Very easy for her to figure things out and she is not tech savvy by any means! She loves reading books and getting on her Facebook so this was perfect for her!	Google Phone
It's much lighter than my first gen version and slightly smaller. Recognizes taps much better and has a nicer keyboard. Still has a few things I don't like - kind of slow, insists on me using the Silk browser, I don't like that I can't delete certain pre-loaded apps that I will never use. There are some apps that aren't available for it, like Chromecast. For the price, it's a good little tablet for internet, reading, simple games, checking email and WatchESPN. Battery life still an issue, rarely lasts more than 5 hours with use.	iPhone
The amazon fires are super to use. You can do more than read a book on them.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It`s better with a bundle of a memory cardThe operating systen doesn`t have google play by default	20in Monitor
Was a great Black Friday find I enjoy playing on it . It's easy to use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Expandable memory up to 128gb. Amazon kindle/prime benefits. Small portable options with stylish accessories from a name brand as opposed to some unknown Chinese alternative. I choose Amazon everyday of every week at this price point.	Wired Headphones
This equipment is an joy to have.i would recommend product to friends.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a very basic tablet, but the price can't be beat. I bought mine on Black Friday. The Amazon Fire 7 only supports the Amazon App store, so you will not be able to access the typical Google Play apps normally available on other brand tablets. I normally just use this as a Kindle device.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased two for my twin girls and they love. Simple, they can download apps and watch videos. Only thing the chargers are working not only after a week.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have get to be disappointed by a tablet from Amazon. This Fire is amazing. For the price, the speed and quality of this can not be beaten. The features are endless and the screen is beautiful. This is so much more than an e-reader. If you are in the market for both a e-reader and a versatile tablet, you can not go wrong with this.	iPhone
Its lightweight, amazingly bright color display and the best thing of all is you are granted access to thousands of books that are free from amazon/	Wired Headphones
Bought it for my son and for now is working great, hope this one last longer than the others, my son loves it, can play, can watch movies, music, etc.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We started with the Nabi the 2nd edition when my son was 4. Then came a few other RCA tablets that ran out of memory or quit charging in 6 months. But I just can't justify the cost of the ipad for my 8 year old that dropped my work ipad and I had to pay $250. The Amazon fire tablet is the perfect fit for his video game playing. Since I am a prime member he loves that he can download music, books and videos for free. Being a prime member is almost necessary to make this tablet worth anything. You can only buy amazon gift cards no google play or itunes for this. So let the grandparents know. I like that it has multiple users so I can restrict the time and what he is able to view/play.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for books. Easy setup and easy to read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Does the job I expected for the price I paid. Good stuff.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this tablet as a gift and my brother really enjoys it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased two for my 9 year old girls. They love them and I love the fact that there are so many parental controls.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Unreal black Friday deal on a great product. Wish there were more like it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Crazy price for tablet. Was a great christmas gift.	Wired Headphones
"""Santa"" got this for my 7 y.o. It works well on wi-fi, can link to our movie library via DMA app, add educational apps, and can expand memory via SD card. She can't put it down (much to our chagrin)."	Wired Headphones
"I got this tablet with high expectations given it's from Amazon. However it was disappointing in many ways and it will be returned.First off, despite of the small screen size, it's heavy. Too heavy to be used as a book reader in bed.The deal breaker for me was that there's no way to connect a VPN using the regular Android settings. The option has been deactivated and accordingly to the tech support, ""it's not available yet, but it will come"". Surprisingly, still according to them, none of the new Amazon tables on sale have such support! Apparently Amazon doesn't believe that open WIFI at coffee shops, supermarkets, airports offer data security risks for the tablet users.On top of that, the Amazon version of ""Google Play Store"" has a reduced number of Apps and the ones I was interested in are not available.And the cherry on the top, was that only after 15 min of small usage (I was still trying to find a way to connect to my VPN), the screen frozen and the tablet became unresponsive.Too bad! I really wanted to like it."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
for the price this is a solid win. Nothing beats this tablet for the price you are paying. a steal of a device.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The battery on this device cannot handle true apps outside of the Amazon ecosystem. Youtube and Twitch would drain the battery in under an hour. But if used as intended it would be great for books and email.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was really surprised with this tablet. I'm glad I made the purchase. I am able to do as much and more with it as a tablet I paid much more for. I also love the size. The mobility makes it much easier to carry around better than my laptop, Great buy.	Flatscreen TV
The tablet was bought for a few family members, two of which have bought several Kindle books. But only the price is the only note worthy thing about it. If you buy it for 50 bucks, you have pay another 15 to remove the ads and since this is from Amazon, there is no Google Play to get more app selection.True, you can try to side load the Google Apps but the average tablet buyer won't do this. Also, the battery life is poor compared to tablets like the iPad Mini or other decent Android slates. I'd recommend a Samsung tablet or an iPad before I would recommend this, unless you have a very specific use for it and did not want to spend a lot of money.	Wired Headphones
This tablet fits my needs and at $50 the price is right.	27in FHD Monitor
Christmas present for my kindergartener, she LOVES it!!?	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased several of these tablets. It's great for kids (all kinds of parental controls), but I also purchased one for my 80yr old Mother. She loves the ability to skype, check email and read her magazines and newspapers each day. She's also discovered (on her own) several games and apps in the AppStore that she suddenly can't live without. I love that when she gets stuck on something (if she can't call me) she can contact Amazon and they log right into her tablet and walk her though the issue (for free).CONS: It's slow... not for advanced users.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a perfect gift for my son for Christmas of 2015	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"If you're getting this for a ""Value Tablet"" it is a great choice.Profile UI is lacking. My main reason for the tablet was to give my kids a tool to use ABC Mouse.They have to be logged into the parent account to even use it, so it defeats the purpose of having a kid profile."	Flatscreen TV
This is the best tablet ever! Great price and quality! I definitely recommend everyone to get this tablet if you travel a lot or just for use casually around the house. At 49.99 price point, you can't beat that!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 9 year olds birthday. He loves it. Not too fancy, but gets the job done for him.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I came in to Best Buy to get a game for my BF and ended up walking out with this for only $35! I always wanted one and am very happy with my purchase!	Wired Headphones
Bought for reading while traveling. The battery last a long time.	USB-C Charging Cable
Gets the job done as a tablet I guess, apps are limited but this isn't meant to be a full on tablet, its a reader. It does freeze ad glitch a little but for the price I guess its worth it.	USB-C Charging Cable
For $35, its worth. The user interface is bit difficult to use and touch screen response is not as expected.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought this for my Mom as a gift and was really disappointed. This device DOES NOT RUN FULL ANDROID. You cannot get third party apps even though they sell it as tablet. This device is only good if you only use Amazon (shopping, books, games), otherwise you can't download anything - not even a weather app. Not worth my money to be so limited - Returned the device and got the Lenovo Tab 2 A7 and we are MUCH happier with it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for browsing, streaming and everyday web usage	USB-C Charging Cable
Best recommendation for a tablet that does everything you need it to do. Expandable memory is a great upgrade to the Fire!	ThinkPad Laptop
"I purchased two of these tablets and I absolutely love them! Super ""snappy"" with response time with hardly and lag. Easy to charge as well as install any apps you may want. Streams videos very well and for the price point it's a great buy. Highly recommended!"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I always buy iPads because I am an Apple fanboy, but these tablets (I bought several) have been great for the price and for what I want them for and that is to entertain kids at my business. These are much more affordable than iPads if your just playing games on them.	Wired Headphones
Great product for the price. Purchased this for a Christmas exchange and was the most popular item.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a Christmas Present for my niece. It was perfect. Immediately became her favorite and gave her parents devices a break. Would definitely recommend.	Google Phone
Got this for my Father but added a 32GB drive so he can have more storage. Love the idea that you can do that & wish Apple would do the same.	Wired Headphones
Very easy to use. price is great . Very fast . My grandkids use it by them self. Videos look very good	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have a 2014 Kindle HDX and I brought two of these. One for my daughter and one for my husband. I love the new features. I will be buying one for me in the very near future. Great inexpensive price Amazon !!! Thank you for showing that better doesn't have to be extremely pricey. I also love the fact that you added a memory slot. Added 64GB to both. Thank you. Highly recommended!	Google Phone
I bought a bunch of these as gifts. They were a huge hit. The tablet has better functioning than its older versions (which also cost 3x more). I would 100% recommend anyone that wants a tablet for recreational daily uses like searching the web, reading, watching videos, playing games, and checking mail.	USB-C Charging Cable
great tablet and very easy to use. very easy to grab and go	20in Monitor
I love that this kindle is easy to use and very good for the price. My 7yr old daughter has one and husband. Bothe beginners and they are using it easily.I do not like that it is not HD quality screen and pics.	Lightning Charging Cable
I received this as a gift and love it. It can do so many things I have to give it a 9/10!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great table for the price. You can download games and so much more. Its great for young kids.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is very easy to use. It also comes with 30 free prime which is a plus to be able to use. It is kid friendly.	iPhone
Bought this for my mom. She mostly plays games on it, but loves it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It's a $50 tablet, you're not going to get all the bells and whistles. We got it for my toddler daughter to load apps, games and movies to take with her in the car/out to eat. You may already know that it does not come with standard Google apps so you cannot use your gmail to use apps from the Play store. There are workarounds found on YouTube that you can load Google apps through a 3rd party, and I easily did that but found that even those workarounds do not work for the Movies/TV app, so we can't watch any of her purchased movies on this which was the main objective. Apps and games load from your gmail fine so that is what she is now using it for. For $35 on Black Friday I guess it is still worth it. Just really wanted her movies on it.The UI is very basic and promotes purchases everywhere. The lock screen advertisement is obnoxious but I guess they have to make their money somewhere. I took all the bloatware Amazon apps that you can't delete and put them into a single folder to make it less cluttered with junk that my daughter wouldn't need. Also helping to avoid involuntary purchases. The camera is miserable on it, not that I ever use the camera even on my $500 Samsung, but just an FYI. Haven't used it enough to really comment on functionality or reliability. In the end, it's a >$50 tablet, but a decent one at that. But you defintely get what you pay for	Wired Headphones
I was very pleased with this not only is it a great tablet but a great price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Not only was this on sale for an amazing price, but I love the parent controls on the Amazon Kindle!	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet from Amazon is decent. The performance of the tablet is de end too.	20in Monitor
Its cheap. and on Black Friday I got it even cheaper. Its not a competitor for iPad, but I do pretty basic things on my new Kindle tablet, so I am OK with this purchase. Nothing that impressed me	Lightning Charging Cable
GREAT TABLET FOR THE PRICE. KIDS LOVE IT. CANT BEAT IT.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought i, was OK but don't use it anymore for the price it is good though	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I wanted something simple and easy to learn how to use. And it was just that.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I know this was a 7"" screen, but it seems much smaller compared to my ipad.. It works fairly well, just wish I could change some of the screens around so I didn't have to scroll so much. It would be nice if there was some sort of tutorial available. Works well for games.."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i like the tablet a lot its fast and easy to use and the price was right	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my nephew for Christmas. As I had a limited budget I needed something under $50. The Amazon Fire fit the bill and more. I don't know how Amazon can make money at this price point. Fantastic value!	20in Monitor
It is a kindle, and should be used as one - for reading. Other functions are a plus.	Lightning Charging Cable
Fast shipping from bestbuy.Com. product works great. For the price you can't go wrong.	USB-C Charging Cable
"perfect size; good graphics; app store is extensive!my parents are not tech savvy and they love this!"	LG Dryer
Purchased this device for a three year old. He loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this on Black Friday as a gift for my young son. It works as expected for the price that I paid sometimes freezes but for a young child it's perfect.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for my dad, who has trouble with smaller print. He has had no problems setting it up and getting started.	27in FHD Monitor
My son picked this device for reading books and accessing kids apps mostly due to the excellent price and user friendliness. I like the parental controls and how it lets me set a daily time limit. Great value!	USB-C Charging Cable
I am very happy with this tablet. It was an upgrade from the Kindle paperwhite. The screen is very sharp, and the tablet is very lite.	Google Phone
I bought this as a Christmas gift and he loved it.	USB-C Charging Cable
got this a gift for a friend, she loved it and the things she can do with it.	Wired Headphones
Black Friday sale $35! Can't beat a Kindle Fire for that price. Functionality resembles Apple products, but still isn't an iPad/iPhone. Great price for the product though! If you don't prefer Apple products, this is something to look at!	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased two of these tablets for my children (6,3). The ease of use is fantastic and the parental controls are exactly what I was looking for. Great product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought themail kindle for my daughter to use at school. It was very convenient for her. She was able to do her assignmentshe off of it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I saw one of these before for myself and this is now great for my daughter.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
They are ok for a kid to play games on. But I don't like it for myself. I will just save for an iPad.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought it for my mother for Christmas and she loved it and she has not put it down since she has gotten it	27in FHD Monitor
This is an excellent product especially for the price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this item on Black Friday and was going to give it as a gift but kept it for myself. Excellent value!	20in Monitor
Got this as a gift for my grandmother and loaded it with games for her. Simple to use and easy for her once my son showed her the basics.	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought 3 of these both our sons and our granddaughter LOVE then easy to operate so far no glitches sturdy and not so expensive I have to worry about the kids breaking them and not being able to replace	27in FHD Monitor
I bought one of these on Black Friday on impulse since it was $34.99 and I had a $5 certificate to use. I have a third generation iPad and am quite accustomed to using it and the App Store.Pros: OS is Android based and not too hard to pick up compared to Apple. I did find versions of a lot of favorite apps and games to download. It can take up to 128GB microSD card for expanding storage (only 8 GB built in). I got a 64 GB class 10 card at Costco for $20.Cons: screen resolution is only 1024 x 768, but I can't say it's super noticeable in normal use. Not all apps available even if an Android version exists. Much more useful if you have Amazon Prime as it ties directly to an Amazon.com account, and In fact you have to register the device before you can do much of anything on it. Battery life is not impressive either, with standby time in particular not great.For the price, it's a handy spare internet connected device. I'm not one to buy Kindle books, but the ones I do have are certainly easy to access and read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We purchased 3 of these tablets for all of our children. They are perfect for them with little worry that they will get destroyed. Still functional for everything they do on them.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought 4 of these on Thanksgiving Eve. With their price that night, they were an amazing gift for my daughter's Christmas gift exchange, a donation to a less fortunate family, and kept one for me. I can only speak for the one I kept, but it's a great little, easy to hold device for reading.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet its self seem a little slow. But for the price and it being got my kids, totally acceptable	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is a great buy at it's price point and is the perfect entry level tablet. The Kindle app is flawless and reading on the Fire is a pleasure!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It's not the fastest tablet, but it's fine for what I use it for. Camera is not that great.	Wired Headphones
I bought this to replace my granddaughter broken tablet. Cheap enough but good quality	USB-C Charging Cable
Was a learning curve but once you get the hang of it, it was okay.	Google Phone
Bought 2 for my nephews who are 2 & 3. Very user friendly even for them. A nice grow into tablet for an excellent price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I do like the camera. Sorry that is all I have to say.	27in FHD Monitor
Although this tablet is slower than my iPad Air, it works great and keeps a charge all day! It is great value!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Best tab for kids with very low budget and as another good product from Amazon	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We don't have one complaint. We are very satisfied.	ThinkPad Laptop
I liked that it is quick responsive and aduquate for most task the ability to add more space via Micro SD card up to 128gb is helpful.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for grandson to watch videos. Good sound and picture.	iPhone
I bought this item as a gift, it is definitely worth what I paid for it, it is easy to navigate and has great picture quality, think I'll buy myself one	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I've never had a tablet before. Everything was easy to figure out battery lasts a long time	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased two at Christmas for my niece and nephew. They love them. They're safe for kids to use and easy. The only thing I dislike is the lack of control because of the fire software versus Android, but it's all good.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablet is nice but the internet source takes forever to load so it is just easier to use a standard computer or phone to surf the web or get on Facebook, etc.	USB-C Charging Cable
Looked around for a while for an inexpensive tablet. Most of the ones under $100 were not worth purchasing. I was a little suspect when I saw the $50 Fire but having owned an Amazon tablet before I decided to try it out. I must say I was impressed. Obviously it's a budget tablet so you are not getting a full HD screen or iPad like performance but it's also a 5th of the price. It definitely powerful and responsive enough for web surfing, Facebook, casual games and media consumption. If your a Prime member it's a great way to stream all of your Amazon Video shows & movies. The build quality is much better then other tablets under $100 and it's a multi-touch screen, not one of the plastic capacitive touch screens. Great tablet for kids, grandparents, people with light needs, or people just looking for an inexpensive way to stream Amazon Video.	Wired Headphones
Good product. Can add apps to it. Sister loved it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
We got this for the yankee swap and it was extremely popular. The person that picked it up was very happy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this Amazon fire not for myself but for my cousin who lives in Mexico, he loves it I added movies/music and he said sound is great and it's perfect for school and for research	AA Batteries (4-pack)
bought this for my wife she loves the fact she can now expand the memory to 128 gig	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my girlfriends daughter, she can access Facebook, Netflix and many more apps now.. Nice convenient size. Good deal!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I am someone who swears by Apple products so I am skeptical when it comes to other names. I decided to get my son a extra tablet to use for kindle apps. I CAN SAY I LOVE THIS TABLET !! Great apps that are totally free, awesome battery life and sound is spectacular !! Buy this tablet you can't go wrong !! Going to purchase another one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this for a Christmas gift for a friend. She loves it! No issues with product, software or quality.	Wired Headphones
"I had to spend a lot of time figuring out how to allow apps from the Google Play store to be installed. Without that capability this tablet isn't very good. Amazon just doesn't have enough apps available. I did a fare amount of research on the internet to find the process for installing the google play store. I also notice that this isn't a ""snappy"" and ""fast"" device but I wouldn't expect it to be for $50. For the right situation this is a great buy."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this tablet for my grand daughter. She loves it! Her parents and I love the fact that she uses it to read books. Perfect!	Google Phone
Great buy for the price on Black Friday!!! My Daughter will be happy!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought two for the kids. They are very happy. My only problem it that I have not been able to download movies to the SD card. I keep getting a message saying that the Kindle does not support it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle is a good tablet and would recommend to others	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought these for our 6 and 7 yr old kids for Christmas. They use iPads at school and are used to working on a tablet. The fire has been an excellent choice for them. It is easy to navigate and user friendly.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
7 year old son uses with ease. Older son already had a kindle and I also own on. Very good product.	Google Phone
It's very durable and Nice picture.its the perfect size for my 11 year old.	Product
Enjoyed this tablet. Easy to use, light weight to hold and good size carry in your purse	27in FHD Monitor
The tablet was nice. Lots of Amazon access. It would be a good thing for someone a little older.	USB-C Charging Cable
"This is the 6th tablet I have purchased. The Kindle Fire tablets are perfect for just about everyone; from my 2 year old grandson to my mother. I purchased this one for my mother, by the way. For her, I thought she could easily access her email and play mind challenging games. WiFi is need to use this, which is great because there are no monthly charges for using this tablet. Also, it must be set up very securely because no security system is needed."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I love this 7"" tablet. I can carry it anywhere. It is very easy to use. The ads don't bother me at all. Very happy with it. The shipping was fast especially being around Christmas!"	Wired Headphones
This product was for a 13 year old and it was perfect for his needs at a great price	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Nice tablet for kids. A little slow loading. The fire time is extremely hard for children to operate. I guess it's ok for kids and beginners. I haven't decided if we are going to keep it or return it.	USB-C Charging Cable
My uncle loves this tablet and its easy for him to use it, considering his age and lack of knowledge of technology devices.	USB-C Charging Cable
Simple and straightforward. No set up necessary. Reading with this Fire is a breeze. Lightweight, holds a charge well.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I got this for my mom and she likes it pretty well. Over all it's good for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great gift and excellent product for anyone. Easy to use and user friendly.	Wired Headphones
Checking e-mail is a breeze. All the apps you could ever want. I don't need my computer anymore.	USB-C Charging Cable
I wish ir had all the free aps on Google play store. I am finding I have to pay for alot of the free ones I am use to.	Apple Airpods Headphones
There's not much to say about the Fire. It's a great tablet that offers a lot of the price. Highly recommended!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My old Kindle stopped charging, after 4 years, so I got the Fire to replace it. I really only needed a reader and that is how I use it. The battery runs down MUCH faster than my old Kindle. the price was right so I guess it will work fine.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Set up was automatic. I really didn't need to know anything specific. Just follow the prompts. Really great for my kids.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my 6 year old daughter so she can have something to play with and more importantly, to be used for her school as it's being technologically driven. Large screen and good graphics. It's great for what she needs. Parental controls are great for restricting access to accidental purchases and setting curfews so she can no longer use it at certain times w/o my code. I give this 4 stars only because the camera isn't that great. In low-light settings, it gets very pixelated, plus there's no flash.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I use this for facebook , checking email, and streaming Pandora while in a hotel. Don't ask a lot from this because at the end of the day it's still a $50 tablet. Battery life is really good, however it's really finicky about the power cord while charging. The biggest complaint I have is it wants a credit card even for free apps such as facebook and youtube. However you can work around by getting them on your desktop and having them sent to your device. Overall extremely satisfied.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the second Amazon tablet I have purchased and they both work very well. My 8 year old does his homework on the tablet. The screen is bright and clear, build quality is good and he is delighted with the number of games available	Macbook Pro Laptop
Purchased for 2-5 year olds. Works well for them..	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet was purchased for a 10 year old but anyone could benefit from it. Very easy to use. Processing speed is good for a bargain tablet. Battery lasts a long time. Overall a great starter tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was so pleased with my Fire tablet that I purchased two more for my nieces who are 4 and 2-1/2 years old. Those little fingers love the games and other features and keep the girls busy in their car seats. I love playing games, checking the weather, reading emails, and general surfing on the web with my Fire tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a basic tab. Only for reading. I didn't keep it.	Lightning Charging Cable
We got this tablet for our grandkids for Christmas so they would leave their parents phones alone. This way they can play all the games that they want on a device that is not quite as pricey as the smartphones. They love the tablet, but we needed to block the purchases from our grandson who is only 4, as he downloaded a game on Christmas that was not free before we could stop him. Our fault.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
If your not looking to spend a ton of money on a tablet, this is a very nice option.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"My grandkids love these, purchased 3 for the 6 - 7 year old. Per them ""the best gift I got"""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wifes last Kindle gave out after about 5 years so I went with the fire this time and she loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this item on Black Friday and it did not disappoint me! Due to recently losing my previous Kindle Fire HD, I was seeking to purchase another. I came across the Kindle Fire and had to have it. It has an awesome display, great price, user friendly, and it is the perfect size for travel. I love it and would recommend it to anyone!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The receiver seems pleased and enjoys it. would buy.	iPhone
My only concern is that after only having the kindle open and useable is that it tends to freeze up. Otherwise this it is a great tablet to have!	USB-C Charging Cable
This device really helps my daughter improve in her reading and it is very simple to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought 2 of these as christmas gifts, simple and easy to use.Both are enjoying it for web browsing/recipes. I set them both up prior to gifting them, i know it is an amazon tablet, having to create another account and use a different app store stinks...But worth the value.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like this product. I will recommend this product for friends and family. Thank you	Lightning Charging Cable
This product is a great entry level tablet. It is limited in both memory and function.	Flatscreen TV
Easy to use and the kid friendly protector works great...	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Very user friendly no issues, very easy to setup. I	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire 7 interface is much better the Kindle Fire 7 which has had problems with email. The interface is similar to a smart phone which offers a learning opportunity for novice smart phone users. I both this Fire 7 for Rose because of similar interface and her older Kindle was presenting problems.The downside is the ads that pop-up when it awakes from sleep mode, but you can't beat the price. This unit makes a great gift and two of our friends have purchased the Fire 7.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great deal. The downfall to this device is that you have to pay an extra $15 to get the ads removed from your lock screen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's great for my kids or anyone! The display is really nice	Flatscreen TV
It works but it takes a while to do anything. But for the price, it's good enough for the kids.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a replacement for my Son as he had one for about 4 years that just got broken .	ThinkPad Laptop
This tablet does everything that was advertised, but only a fraction of the cost! A great buy!	Lightning Charging Cable
I brought this for my 8 year old granddaughter. She loves it. She use it to do homework on, play games, watch videos. She loves it.	20in Monitor
I received this as a Christmas present. This is great to take on a trip or to work. It is great for watching movies or reading books. It was easy to setup.	Lightning Charging Cable
My younger sibling loved this tablet I got for him he is always on it and can also read on it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My boss recommended getting a fire because she had one and so I got one too and i love that i can read my books from my kindle app on a bigger screen than my phone.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My grandson always enjoyed my kindle so when I saw the 7 inch Kindle on sale before Christmas I knew he would love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is easy to use had a lot of great features.	Wired Headphones
Can't go wrong great for games wifi great overall very happy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Just what my wife was looking for in a tablet. She wanted something to use to read & to have some games on. This was it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for all ages , nice HD colorLittle difficult for young children	Wired Headphones
My daughter absolutely loves this tablet! It has a lot of great apps that she can choose from in the app store too. She's had no problems with her tablet. I've even had fun using her tablet and it's simple to use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought 3 for our 3 oldest Grandkids ages 7 to 10 and they loved them! Very easy for them to set up themselves and get started using them with very little help from thier parents. Great product for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this item for grand daughter, she loves it	Vareebadd Phone
This was purchased for a secret santa gift, but seems like a great value for the money.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for the beginner. Very light weight and easy to use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
brought them for my grandkids easy to use and they love them and the price was right	USB-C Charging Cable
Great buy used instead of using smart phone for games	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have waited to purchase a Tablet - when the Kindle Fire came on sale I decided to take advantage of the sale price. So far this has been a very good purchase for what I intend to use the Tablet for. E-mail, Facebook, News and BOOKS to read. Easy to use and have enjoyed this product.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a gift to an employee and they absolutely love it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My girls were super excited to get their Fires for Christmas! Unfortunately, one of them stopped recognizing the touch screen after an hour of opening. Amazon was kind enough to send us a new one direct with a return label so returning it was simple! Crossing my fingers still though!	Flatscreen TV
The teacher really likes this new tablet in their classroom!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Simple product - great battery life - great for those just browsing web and playing games.Don't care for creating a second account other than email for amazon store and wish google play store came pre installed.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazing for reading kindle which was my main concern. The cameras are not that amazing & downloding is pretty quick the battery evens last long great quality for its price great gift idea	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my 88 year old mother to view pics on Facebook of her children,grandchildren,great grandchildren and great great grandchildren. With the kids protection bumper she is able to handle it well. The bad side is that I wanted to hide all the other apps and could not. Plus I ended up paying an extra $15 to get rid of ads.	USB-C Charging Cable
Enjoying the kindle fire!!! Great for kids to use!!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Amazon Fire tablet is a great starter or companion tablet for watching videos, reading, internet browsing, and the like. If you have Amazon Prime, then you better get this!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great little tablet. I find it is about the same size as the IPad Mini for a fraction of the cost. Lots of free apps and really nice graphics.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased 2 Fire tablets for my kids. They love them. I should have reserved the prior, due to the fact that they are use to the android network. So it's taking some getting use to but the work and function just fine no problems yet, especially for the price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 10 year old grandson. He loves to read, but also play games and watch you tube videos. It's perfect for him.	Wired Headphones
"I am not a ""techie"" but I love the Kindle Fire. It is easy to use and of high quality. It is an amazing value compared to other readers."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for someone to start out with. I've never personally owned a tablet before this but I have used other family members tablets. This one feels like it is missing something. Some of the apps do not work on it. I still enjoy it though.	USB-C Charging Cable
so far so good. I order two of these and they are working out great!	ThinkPad Laptop
I got it for my nephew and he very loves it.Great	Product
The Kindle hasn't been used much yet, however, it appears that all family members interested in various options available...music, games, internet, books, etc.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Perfect for young kids. Small, yet easy to operate.	iPhone
The kindle is light and easy to use. Was able to get up and running within 10 minutes. Easy to charge. Programs are easy to view for older eyes. Perfect starter technology for the no tech generation.	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon Fire Tablets are great for the price . My kids ages 10 and 12 love the tablets. The tablets are fast and clear.	USB-C Charging Cable
From web searches to Kindle Books this sleek device does it all.	Wired Headphones
I'm pleased with my tablet and service received at your store.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's great, does everything that the Amazon fire $149 one does minus a few inches and the size is so much better! Easier to carry and store and the quality is the same	Lightning Charging Cable
You can't beat a color HD tablet for $50. Go buy one now!	Wired Headphones
I bought two of these for my kids, They've destroyed ipads and this was a low cost replacement. Great price still not an ipad substitute	27in FHD Monitor
son is enjoying the whole tablet. He is glad it is a quality product, bought from our favorite store.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased it as a gift for my son and he is very pleased with it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was using a Kindle Paperwhite and when I saw this on sale for black Friday, I figure why not. I have been very pleased so far.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet with reasonable price. Best one from amazon	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great little reader and browser. Have only played with it a little bit, however the feel amd flow are very accommodating. The feature-rich operating system allows for videos imported documents as well as books do you have previously read. All in all I certainly would get another one or purchased one as a gift for someone else .	Google Phone
Got for my grand sons for Christmas and they had a blast. Uploaded favorite games and loloaded music.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife loves her Kindke and at this price it was a no brainer. It's fast with a ton of expandable memory storage.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this to enjoy the comforts of a tablet. My use includes youtube, twitch and other channels that are similar in purpose. I would recommend this product for its own intended purposes which is a ereader at best. it does have its own android base functions but not the functions I enjoy from a regular tablet. Some regular app you might use on a daily may not be compatible with this unit to sum it up.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a christmas gift for my nephew, he really enjoy playing games a watching videos, its a cheap and good alternative to the i-Pad :-)	Wired Headphones
Great little traveling entertainer. Good for reading and playing most games. You'll be disappointed by the limited content and the internet functionality is very limited. Other than that, for watching short clips, or any Amazon content, it's great. Very pricey. I do not recommend this for kids.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Does everything I expected it to do. Definitely a great product for folks who want a good product with an affordable price.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 2 sons 8 and 10 years old do not want to put them away!!!! A lot of free games. Great price for quality name product.	Google Phone
Love the screen colors and the easy accessible apps and internet.	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids love these. They are easy to use and no glitches!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
The benefits of having the kindle fire with expandable memory has been a blessing. Everyone in my family uses the prime benefits and having a kindle for exclusive use is awesome! The benefit of adding memory is way better than the newer version with limited memory of 8 or 16G.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted a tablet that would be easy to carry for reading. This exactly meets my needs and expectations. Great tablet	Google Phone
This was bought for my daughter and she has not stopped playing with it since she get it. I highly recommend this easy to use tablet.	Wired Headphones
The charger don't fit in the tablet I called Amazon	Lightning Charging Cable
Quick delivery, great tablet, met all our needs...would recommend	iPhone
Bought them for a 5 yr old and 7 yr old great for easy to use kid apps and learning games	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my mother in law who is having trouble reading small print. Didn't want to spend as much as a kindle paperwhite, so this was a reasonable compromise to give her the option of adjusting the light and size of the font when she is reading.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this, it is absolutely perfect for all my online needs	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my daughter and within 5 days after purchasing it, the screen went completely blank. It wasn't dropped and didn't get wet. It is also very limited to apps you can download on it. Many apps wouldn't work after being installed. I would NOT recommend buying this tablet.	iPhone
8 year old granddaughter loves hers, and I do too!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two one for my 5 year old and one for my grandmother. So easy to use, and they love it. Will buy more	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought for my wife who is not particularly technical. She enjoys reading eBooks now and likes the form factor and library of books available.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tablet was exactly what I was looking for at a very reasonable price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great battery life and easy to navigate!!! Great value!	Vareebadd Phone
Bought this for my kids before a big road trip. It was a great buy! The battery was good, the tablet is easy to use and navigate. My kids loved it! Would buy again.	LG Washing Machine
Able to surf the net and facebook, but slow in those apps and you get all notifications that occurred since the last time you were on your Kindle even if you checked your facebook notifications prior to using the kindle. Excellent for its purpose of readING only. Which is why I bought it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got it for $34 during thanksgiving . Bought for my parents. Works as intended.ConsCamera if you really care	Flatscreen TV
i had purchase the Amason fire table for the grandkids and it works great, the kids are having alot of fun downloading games and playing them with the family.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Use every day. So easy to use. Perfect size. Will be great when traveling. Love it.	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this for my wife , she loves it, I would recommend this to any one who wants a small tablet that can do about everything.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a great value & easy to use. Love the screen for easy reading & being able to access my games, music, & have access to the web.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got it for my daughter for Christmas. I really liked the kids setting where she only had access to kid friendly apps and websites.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got this as a Christmas present for my exchange student.He loves it.If I was more of an android user I'd consider one myself, especially with the kindle lending library.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great little tablet even with all the ads. Should have paid the extra money to not have the ads but still a great buy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my mom so she can listen 2 music. Was simple to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this gift for my mom who loves to read and did not own a tablet. It was an inexpensive gift she will enjoy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I also bought my one for my 15yr. old and my 14yr. old child. My 4yr. old loves it and he can play it with no problem. I think it far most the best tablet you can get for under $50. I would recommend it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Can't beat the price.a great Christmas gift for adults and teens.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this Fire very much. The background is bright so reading is easy. It would have been nice to have some instructions included.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
These are great for my teens to use at school. Now that their school uses online activities.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought 2 for Grandkids (8 & 11 yrs old) Christmas present. Easy to use, great entertainment, games, access to all their sites. They Love it!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The price may be attractive, but not worth to buy. After seeing tabs like iPad, Nexus and others, you wouldn't be willing to use it as the display is just 1024 x 600 pixels, touch is not very smooth, not so good customized apps/games (though there is a way to install all Android apps). The build quality is good though.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got the kindle fire for my son for Christmas and is is very happy with it. No problems. Picture is great. It was a great price!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my daughter for Christmas. So far, so good. She is able to navigate it easily and there are lots of free games. The battery lasts a decent amount of time. We just charge it at night when we go to bed. The only downfall is you can't watch YouTube on it. I'm not really sure why. I tried researching it and there's all these steps you can take to make it work but I'm afraid I'll mess something up so I haven't tried it. All in all, for $50 it's a great little tablet.	ThinkPad Laptop
Maybe it's because their older or have had other tablets, but this was the easiest setup ever!	Wired Headphones
It has good graphics quality and it is easy to use. Only complaint is when using the built in keyboard it doesn't always register they right keys.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very good value and easy to use. Wife loves it much better than using phone for her apps.	Flatscreen TV
Great device fast and big enough to see and easy to use !!!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I got one for each of my grandsons! Great for long car rides-download movies from Amazon Prime	27in FHD Monitor
Don't waste money on the kid program friendly ones that's what Locks are for	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this tablet for my mom, and she loves it!!! She isn't the biggest person for tech like items. But I knew she would enjoy this item. She gets all her games, ebooks, apps, and more on this tablet. Plus it's easy to use and that's why she likes it so much, also i got it for a great price lol	Apple Airpods Headphones
I was setting up 2 of the same tablet and this one wouldn't connect to the wifi. When I brought it back for an exchange there were none in store and they didn't even have them on their website! Ended up getting a refund and purchasing the same model from Amazon	20in Monitor
Easy to download apps and nice to watch movies and my daughter loves it	Google Phone
Purchased this for my child who's in his terrible 2s! As you can imagine he has thrown the tablet around but with the protective case the tablet has survived. Overall He's really enjoying it. It's a little slow and he can get impatient but it works a lot better than most tablets. It doesn't have the greatest camera but it's good enough for a toddler. Overall it's a very decent tablet for a child!	USB-C Charging Cable
I brought this tablet for my 64 year old granddad and he loves it he says it's very easy to use and sends me pictures all the time of what ever he is cooking at watching lol	USB-C Charging Cable
love the products I bought for xmas presents they liked them alot	Wired Headphones
I purchased 2 of these tablets for my kids for Christmas. They seem to like it and the quality is really good for a less expensive tablet. Amazon also offers games for free that usually cost money, so they are able to get more games as I am not one to buy games on devices. It only has 8g memory but I purchased a micro SD card for both for more storage. It's fairly easy for the kids to navigate. Overall it's a great tablet for the price.	Google Phone
Its ok tablet but you dont have access to all the same apps that are in google play store. Also to really enjoy the tablet you should be memebr of amazon prime which I am not.	USB-C Charging Cable
I've already read 4 books on this, and while it took a bit to get used to compared to a physical book, the convenience factor makes this a great purchase!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this kindle for my grandson as a birthday present, he is excited about it. Could not believe the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought 4 of these tablets for my daughters. I won't lie I was a little nervous every at first because of the price, but they turned out to be awesome! My kids love them. I haven't bought their cases yet but they seem to be very sturdy tablets.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought tablet for my dad to use, he is 80 yrs old and has never used a tablet before, he caught on quick. Size was perfect for him to handle.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for the price! Very satisfied with the quality of tablet!	USB-C Charging Cable
I have really enjoyed by Amazon Fire. It does everything I need and is small enough for my purse.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I wasn't sure I should buy it because I thought it would be a cheaply made tablet for $50 but I was wrong. I LOVE IT. It's worth it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This product is well worth the price... don't waste money on a screen protector or case... when it gets beat up get a new for another $50.Great for kids who want to play games on theIr parents wireless telephone...nice to get my telephone back. Also slips nicely in the seat pocket of cars for the car rides.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good Christmas gift for a small time reader. Would buy again	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good that it has parental control. Good for a simple tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great little gadget for the price. It can't be beat.	Flatscreen TV
It really does a good job of replacing my old tablets. Market could be better but that's about it.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this tablet for my grandson and he loves it. Plenty of memory, good enough sized screen for him to read and play games on. Compact enough to be easy to carry around.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for the money kids love it great sound ease to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good product to kids for playing games.sssssssssss	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for Christmas as a gift. He enjoys the tablet & has been using it every day. It is well worth the money. Easy to use. Especially for a beginner.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love it and it is very easy to use I take it every where I go	USB-C Charging Cable
Great very easy to use clear picture my 4 yr old grandson is happy	Apple Airpods Headphones
For under $50 you can read books, watch TV or play an endless assortment of free apps. Battery life is excellent. Great investment!	Wired Headphones
Excellent value for the money can not go wrong for the price	27in FHD Monitor
The fire is a good product for its price. We bought it for travel and it worked like we wanted it to. The volume was lacking though. Trying to listen to a movie an the plane was very difficult.	Wired Headphones
Love it. Its fast..the visual is great. It has plenty of room to download games and books on it. I love the mayday feature on it because its helped is when we got stuck. My 3 year old can use it very easily as can my elderly parent. The processor is fast and that makes doing anything on it	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my Grandparents for Christmas and loaded games for them they love it.	iPhone
This is a solid tablet that does everything you would want from a portable device to do	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my daughter for christmas. She is an David reader and just loves her new fire.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I think that the size and the display a perfect for reading.	20in Monitor
bought one for myself & then one for our 8 yr.old granddaughter who is teaching me how to use it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like the tablet. This is my 2 and tablet the first was a zeepad. Zeepad was a piece of you know what. I like the Fire though.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got it for my grandson and he really does like it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect gift for friend or family member!!! Very easy to use!	Apple Airpods Headphones
She loves it. It works really well and its features are amazing	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 2 of these fire tablets for my children and I now want one for myself.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I wld buy this product again great pics and price is well worth it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Has tons of free games for the kids not so good for the average tablet user as its not that powerful but I guess that's only my opinion	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I went back and forth about what kind of tablet to purchase for my child. I am very impressed with the ability for things to be simple for her to navigate as well as being able to place perimeters on how long she can use the apps, Internet, and watch videos as well as how much reading time she has to have.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great gift idea got it for my father for a Christmas gift	27in FHD Monitor
It is an ok product. But the main reason for the purchase was because it was for a first time tablet owner. It is very cheap in price but without a google play store it kind of sucks. But like it says it is ok for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is an awesome tablet, not to mention and excellent price!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The battery life is pretty good and the best feature in my opinion is the expandable memory slot. It allows me to store all of music so I don't have to use my phone and get a call in the middle of a party	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought three of these during the Black Friday sale for family gifts. Everyone loved them. Cheap and fun little tablet to have.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the price, however the ad upon the lock screen is irritating.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price for tablet. My college son purchased these with his money to donate to city after school program for low income kids. Kids love them and are learning to read more! Tons of educational and fun stuff on Amazon Fire!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got this for my granddaughter. It is perfect for her she listens to her music, makes videos for you tube and plays games! I actually am going to get one for myself~	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this tablet for my mother-in-law. She loves it! It was the best rated tablet for the price and is a quality product. Does everything she needs.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my younger daughter and for her it is great. Plenty of things for her to do whether it's games, or looking up stuff for school, or watching youtube videos.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to useIt was a Christmas gift and I had to buy one for myself too , after I realized I could do so much on those tablets. Can fit in my purse too!	Wired Headphones
A gift for my grandsons. They love it and it's easy to use. The salesman Dan at Best Buy in Peoria was outstanding.	Lightning Charging Cable
We purchased on of these tablets for the family during a black friday sale. my 8 year old son loves to play games on it and watch videos at home and on long car rides. My wife loves it to read books. We ended up buying a 2nd one because the use of the first was so much. we love it and cant beat the price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for 35 dollars as part of Thanksgiving promotion. Its normal price is 50. Its a good starting level tab for basic purpose. Its not as smooth as IPAD or Galaxy note but its ok for basic browsing. I specifically got this for my 3 year old to watch Youtube and play some light games and it works perfect. I am not much used to android so I found it a bit tricky to use. It also has a slot for microSD card so that solves your memory issues.	Lightning Charging Cable
i purchased this for my wife to read books on she enjoys it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
A good computer device to use when traveling at a fair price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is great for e-reading and basic internet use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This thing is a disaster. Unless you are a child or have never used a tablet in your life, you are in for disappointment. They've blocked the Google store, so good luck downloading most of the games you like. Youtube? owned by Google, so again, can't download the app. You CAN get there with the web browser, but why should you have to? I tried to download 3 games-- NONE of which would even load. In short, I owned it less than 16 hours. Waste of my time. Save your money and buy a Samsung Galaxy Tablet.	Google Phone
Ok overall but brakes easily with obly one fall to the floor	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet because it was a cheap alternative to use it on roadtrips and watch movies. It also is perfect for the kids to play with it without worrying to much if they break it.	Lightning Charging Cable
The cost was great and the features are just enough for my 9 year old daughter. I'm glad I did not get the iPad. this was a great step up from the LeapPad	USB-C Charging Cable
Works great but I wishI could get rid of the ads on the home screen.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the kindle fire. Great size and price. Fits right into purse.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My kids used the fire on a resent trip abroad . It works great for sending e-mails using the wifi and playing games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this around the holidays and I'm happy with the quality of the image and videos. You may be just fine with not having as Amazon Prime membership and just use it for light web browsing. The screen gets easily smudged but for the price, it's a great value.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this as a starter tablet for my 8 year old daughter. We first bought one just for kids, but the parental controls didn't work right. So I just set up a password on the Kindle for anytime it's in use. With moderate supervision, it worked out great. She uses it mainly for reading, watching Netflix, and playing games.	Google Phone
This tablet is great for the everyday reader and gamer , I promise it will not dissapoint.	iPhone
This a great table for my granddaughter. She loves it!	Google Phone
Bought this to replace my older Kindle Fire 6, got a 64GB MicroSD card for it and no problem. Only issues I'm having is in apps but its due to the app. The colour and sound on this kindle is just great and I love the bigger screen and the fact I can add extra memory to it in order to allow more to remain on it for a longer time.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this kindle for my 6 year old and he loves it. It is a great buy for the price. I also purchased the micro SD card and expanded the storage for my son's games and music. It is a bit different than my Kindle Fire and a little harder for me to get used to, but he loves it. I highly recommend it.	USB-C Charging Cable
great storage for a Samsung phone, especially for its price	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"The 7"" screen is a good size and I really like the touch screen. This is a great tablet!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
If you want a tablet but on a budget, go for this.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'm a PC guy that wanted to try a tablet without investing a lot as a first step, so $50 was a great way to get in. Its fine for browsing, photos, checking email and weather. So far so good.	Flatscreen TV
Simply the Fastest and Best tablet for the money and Best Buy was the easiest place to get it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect tablet for the price. Easy to use good sound. We gave it to our 4yr old for his tablet.	Wired Headphones
It was a gift for my girlfriend. It is her first tablet. It was easy to get started and she uses it a lot.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is much faster coming up to the start position than any other that I have had!So, I bought another one.	Wired Headphones
I purchased 2 of the Kindle 7 tablets for our grandchildren. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the tablets considering the price. The grandchildren would always head for my Kindle when they came over, now that they have their own, they never ask for mine. They use them constantly, mostly to play games but they also stream videos, and even use them to help with school work. It was a great buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet Santa brought this for my son and it has zero problems unlike the Samsung Santa brought last year which was nothing but trouble and then the mother board took a s**t! You could buy about six of the fires for how much the samsung tab was!	USB-C Charging Cable
Lots of features at a great price. I would recommend this product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It was a gift to my daughter & she loves it!! From Fb to reading the bible online, she does everything on it!! The only down fall is the camera isn't that great but instead she just uses her iPhone bc she has bought at all times!!	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased 2 as xmas gifts for kids. Perfect size and I could set up child accounts under my existing Amazon account. Win, win!	Vareebadd Phone
We both got one and we enjoy it very much!! We both can read our books and play games it's great for traveling too. Have no complaints here.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
solid product to use.use it for reading and answering email.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love it ! very easy to use!!! Good picture for movies!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good producti would tell a friend and family to buy	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for the price if you don't want to spend a small fortune	Wired Headphones
I looked at the reviews and they varied greatly. I didn't want an electric sharpener, so my choices were very limited. This pencil sharpener is adequate and suits my needs because I don't use pencils very often, but it is very slow and sounds like it's straining.	Wired Headphones
This is a GREAT small tablet. I love that you can increase the storage memory. It's easy to use and it is light, not heavy like some tablets.	USB-C Charging Cable
bought the tablet for my elderly father who is a avid reader...he loves it!	ThinkPad Laptop
We purchased the tablet on December 4th, 2015 and by January 8th, 2016 the tablet shut off completely and does not work an will not turn on. This was a waste of money.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have the 1st gen fire and love it so I purchased this for my grandson as I know it's qualities and durability. He loves it and with the kid friendly underground free apps makes it all the more great. The camera? Not so much. Overall great tablet for the price!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Worked as expected and can use my old docking station	Lightning Charging Cable
Tablet was brought for my fiance for Christmas. I had to return it because it kept freezing up. Also, it didnt get Clash of the Clans game..	20in Monitor
This kindle fire does everything you need a tablet to do. Great picture and fast processing.	Wired Headphones
I bought three of these tablets for my three boys (ages 9 - 13). The tablets were easy to setup and the boys love them. They seem to be very durable.I like the fact that I can connect them to my Amazon account and they have a lot of detailed parental controls available. I can, for example, limit time on games and movies separately from books so they spend their screen time actually getting some reading done. I can also limit total daily screen time so there is no struggle when it's time for them to get off the tablets.I'm very pleased with the purchase and highly recommend the Amazon Fire tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet for my grandchildren. It's sturdy and they can do many things on the tablet. Watch movies, listen to music, play games and text.	Google Phone
Bought as a gift ... Great high quality tablet for the money.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
first tablet for my goddaughters they love it easy to use easy setup	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my 10 year old grandson who loves to read, he is very pleased with it and finds it easy to navigate and use. I would recommend it, really good price too.	Vareebadd Phone
Bought two of these for our kids and they are loving them. Great value for the price.	iPhone
This was a gift for my daughter at Christmas. It is a great basic tablet, especially for the price. The only thing I would say that is a con would be the lack of apps available vs Android or iOS.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this for my child and it is very durable. She can read, play games and watch Netflix for kids. No complaints here.	Flatscreen TV
It was only forty-nine bucks - - how can anyone complain too much? It's fine. It's adequate. No problems. Smallish screen. The missus uses it to sit on the couch and look at her Facebook. She says it's okay.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's perfect for reading and even watching movies. The only thing that is not so great is taking pictures with the tablet. They do not come out as clear as I would like them. But overall perfect for what I use it for. That's mostly reading and watching movies.	20in Monitor
My daughter uses hers for college books. Best gift	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought two for gifts. One for dad who spends a lot of time in the mall not by choice. Other fits in purse nicely.	LG Washing Machine
I decided to buy this for my mom for Christmas and she loves it. She uses it daily and had no problem setting it up by herself! For someone who sucks with technology she has no problem with this tablet and it is a nice size.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Amazon Fire Tablet is great for book reading and simple apps.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the size. Easy to carry. Just like every other Kindle as far as features.	Lightning Charging Cable
Son-in-law asked for this as a Christmas gift. Wanted something to take along on business trips for easy access to books and/or games. He is very pleased with it.	LG Dryer
This work great to my nephews for Xmas this year it's easy to use and to set up. Price is great and I would recommend to my friends.	Lightning Charging Cable
My old Google Nexus was on it's last legs and I had already changed the USB charge port and things were going south quick. I picked up the Kindle Fire and have been happy ever since.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love love love my fire tablet...i was surprised by the ease in using it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased as a gift. They absolutely love it! Great for beginners	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my daughter who is in college. She likes it and carries it many places, even hiking. She says it works very well for her.	Wired Headphones
Great quality and cheap price I like this product and very friendly service	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought 2 for our sons, ages 4 & 6. They love them and my boys are rough on everything especially electronics but these held up so great I ended up buying another to use as my work e-reader.	Google Phone
Bought this as a gift for my wife. She uses it mostly in place of her old black & white Kindle...mama is happy...so I am happy...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my mother, size is just right. This was a perfect choice for her first tablet. Wish I had bought myself one too.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I truly enjoyed it. I had it several months before buying an IPad.	Flatscreen TV
I love that is great for kids and the parents can monitor it. The kids love it too.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great Electronic! Great size! Great Quality! My son is in love with this tablet	Wired Headphones
Great gift for my sonEasy to useEasy set upLight weight	Wired Headphones
Great tablet and very user friendly. Great to read off of and surf the web	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice little system for everyday uses. Haven't had any issue yet. Gonna try some things to see wut it can do	Lightning Charging Cable
The product is good just the speaker came blown...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet so far has been great for the price. Even though it isn't the HD quality tablet I've found the res on this one to be pretty awesome.	Lightning Charging Cable
Ok for kids to mess around with, but not very good quality	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is very practical and easy to use for small kids and teens.	Google Phone
"The Amazon Fire tablet is a pretty solid tablet reader for a very low price. Reading Ebooks is very comfortable and there are some really great apps available through Amazon's App Store. The one drawback is the web browser; it's a bit sluggish. This tablet is great if you are looking for an e-reader, and the price is outstanding, but if you are looking for an actual tablet computer you should look elsewhere. Don't buy this expecting it to perform as well as an iPad; it just isn't that kind of device. Overall, though, I really like this."	Flatscreen TV
This is a wonderful tablet for the price. I do a lot with Kindle based books and the size is great for reading. That it has the ability to take a 128GB Micro SD card really makes this a steal for the price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this as a gift for my four year old to read onand play educational games on. She loves it and it was a great price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It is so easy and very fast. I never thought this was fast until I got it. It is everything I need/	ThinkPad Laptop
It is incredible, so fun, keeps me entertained, keeps my 3 year old happy in parent mode	Apple Airpods Headphones
Xmas presents for grandkids they play games and they take lots of pictures . Good purchase .	Wired Headphones
Awesome tablet just what I wanted for my son he has loved it!	iPhone
The Kindle Fire's are a great product to own. We own 2 and our whole family enjoys them. Easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Loved the item..great for my autistic stepson.he was very happy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my purchase Would recommend it to my friends	Vareebadd Phone
It's small I can take it with me where ever I go. I can read, play games, and get on the Internet. Not to mention the price was right.	Apple Airpods Headphones
headphone port did not work at first but after a hard reset the worked	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Exceeded my expectations would recommend to anyone who wants a good tablet for a good price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my dad this Christmas. Once I set it up for him and he's figured out how to use it, he loves it. (He's 58) He uses it to play on the Internet and read so he doesn't need anything with too many extra gadgets. But it's customizable enough to add apps and games if he wants them.	USB-C Charging Cable
I actually bought this for my son and he loves it!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like the tablet but the ads can be a little offensive from time to time. I wish you could block ads for magazines and game with immodestly dressed people especially on the lock screen. The device is very nice for what I paid for it once you get passed the lock screen.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"This 8GB 7"" Kindle Fire Tablet is great and beats others which are more expensive. I bought one for my grandson and he loves it. Plus there are a ton of free apps from Amazon to use with it."	Lightning Charging Cable
This amazon fire 7 tablet is good for web surfing.not so fast but its ok.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Not so great unless you want to spending alot of money on amazon for everything, unable to download any google are android apps.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I saw the reviews and was impressed so I purchased 3 Kindle Fire tablets for my grandsons who are 9 years old. Needless to say, they were thrilled with them!	Apple Airpods Headphones
We purchased this tablet for my 6 year old daughter to replace her RCA tablet that lasted a year. It is fabulous. I'm considering getting myself one for those long drives when your lap top is too big!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Its good for what my son wanted it for,, games and books. Good price also	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great starter tablet. Not all apps are available. Good for reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
Best small tablet for the money. Good resolution for a small tablet. Does everything I expected and more.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I enjoy many of the options, reading, email, etc. Very unhappy about the ads that hit you in the face first thing. I'm even more disappointed that I must pay 15.00 to remove them.	LG Dryer
Will be in the market to buy another one soon Great job Amazon	Lightning Charging Cable
My kid is enjoying the product. It serves the needs for her. Wish she could watch some of the Prime movies when she's on FreeTme.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this for my son, he really enjoys using it especially as an e-reader,	USB-C Charging Cable
This product is good for kids. Has options to put different users to have set up how each person wants it and can set parent controls.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it. Great tablet for the price!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love this product.It'sgreat for downloading and reading books on the go.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Fairly small screen. But excellent for traveling. Portable and watch lots of movies. Camera isn't great quality but don't use it for that anyway.	Wired Headphones
This was a gift for my 3 year old. I am so happy with my purchase. This try to keep some busy so I can now catch up with doing the things I loved.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love reading books on my Kindle. I don't know why I waited so long to buy one. I also enjoy using it to check e-mail, Facebook, and Messenger,etc.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works great greatest of the year and I love it and it is the best thing ever I want to be the first half of the year before I go to sleep and wake	USB-C Charging Cable
It is a decent tablet. Bought for my 12 year old. He is happy with it. Camera and video could be little better but it is ok.	iPhone
I bought this for my dad for christmas. He works long hours and like to watch movies and play games when he has a little break and this is perfect for just that.	USB-C Charging Cable
Size is a little small and hard to type because characters are close together. Charge cord is positional so it is difficult to play with it while charging and cord is very short.The price is very good and it works well. I like the Amazon store and added benefit of Amazon coins	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great Kindle, it is decent sized for reading and watching videos. It has an SD slot to add more storage so if all the internal memory is used, all you have to do is add an SD card and you're good to go! I would definitely recommend this Kindle!	Google Phone
Great tablet and easy to use for a beginner to use	Wired Headphones
It was purchased primarily for my nephew, to assist him in his upcoming schooling	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for any user. The picture is beautiful and it is easy to navigate. It is compact and lightweight and simply elegant.	USB-C Charging Cable
bought this for my step daughter, she loved it, goes everywhere with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my mother in law for Christmas as one of her presents and she loves it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great price. As good as iPad mni for 200 less! Made great gift.	27in FHD Monitor
I'm really enjoying my kindle fire. I love the size and the ability to fit it into my purse. Great for reading on the plane.	Flatscreen TV
I love my kindle so much. It has a great screen clarity. Also the price was on point.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my dad and didn't want to spend a lot since I bought another pricey tablet before for them and works just as good!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for my six year old. And I the parental controls.	27in FHD Monitor
I highly recommend this tablet! Awesome purchase. This is a great gift.	USB-C Charging Cable
Recipient very happy, good product, makes it easier for recipient to do email and play his games. Too hard on eyes to do on cell phone and more convenient than PC,	Bose SoundSport Headphones
its a good starter device for the kids but it has limitations for what you can download because its not an apple device.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gift suitable for an older person to spend time playing games. Visual size is reasonable.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
With a high functioning WIFI and an Amazon Prime Account you have all of the personal functionality of a Pad of I. My kids use them, bang the heck out of them and they keep on ticking. They have destroyed 3 Ipads, so for a kid at home, it is very nice. -Borat	iPhone
Excellent buy as a gift for the young man it was purchased for.	Lightning Charging Cable
Tablet works great and you can't beat the price. Will do everything you need it to do and love being able to add extra memory.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like it, it works great I have not had any problems with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire is a great tablet and it is very easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my 8 year old - good price and does what she likes	Wired Headphones
The kindle continues to freeze up when watching a movie. It will also freeze randomly.	USB-C Charging Cable
nice size and nice price for looking at my camera images on the go	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet needs an extra storage card quickly if kids are downloading games, but otherwise it is a very good buy for kids that have never had a tablet before.	Wired Headphones
we get what we paid for but at $49 this machine is much better than any of the cheap tabs that are in market. the screen resolution and the performance is pretty decent for this grade of tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet and used it for two days and felt like returning it. It didn't have play store, amazon' s version of Android literally kills the processor and makes it too slow. Web browsing through silk browser was a pain. It took for ever to load even simple pages like google. Apps were all useless, and the only thing you could do is listen to preloaded music( not streaming music) and read ebooks. Anyway, I changed my mind in the last minute and decided to root it. Installed slimLp and got rid of Amazon's junk, and it made a huge difference. The performance is way better and it actually works like a decent tablet now. It's a great tablet for the price only if its rooted. If you have no idea of rooting or don't like to risk it, its not worth a penny! Its a good buy if you plan on rooting it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet was purchased for a person in their 20's and they are very content with it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I was looking for an inexpensive tablet to help my daughter become more comfortable using technology. This tablet offers great parental controls and gives her the ability to watch & play age appropriate shows and games.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It was a great purchase for my grandson. He enjoys the tablet and it seems to be easy for him to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
After reading the reviews I was very skeptical. I mainly use Apple products, but with 5 kids and apple out of my price range this was perfect. I was able to get 4 tablets for the price of 1 Apple iPad. The kids love and they don't mind the commercial. I like that I can manage their fire tablet via my phone and I get emails for everything they download. This was perfect for them. And I would buy it again.	Google Phone
This was a gift for my mother. She was very pleased with it & loves using it. It seems the right level for her.	20in Monitor
Great tablet for a very small price. Would buy again.	Apple Airpods Headphones
i can't ask for this tablet to more than what its supposed, good starter for kids before they get an iPad :)	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect deal for Black Friday weekend. Easy to buy on line and pick up in store.	27in FHD Monitor
Purchased for step father who wasn't into technology (still has a flip phone). He was able to get the tablet up and running and was surfing online with no problems. Great tablet for beginners.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this to have a smaller footprint tablet. Could use more popular apps but still great for keeping the library at the tip of the fingers and a camera to boot.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very affordable tablet,soft led screen impact on the vision.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids love this tablet. I loved the price. With my ipad I cringe when they want to use it. They drop it and I loose $500.00. This little tablet is under $50.	Wired Headphones
great buy. excellent product. Just need to buy a cover to protect	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this on Black Friday weekend for $35. It was my 2nd Fire. It can do a lot, but the thing that I like about it the most is that I can take it anywhere. If I lose it or it gets stolen, I am only out $35. The new feature that I like is blue shade. I use my tablet in the evening with no worries that I will have trouble going to sleep.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love this tablet. Great for reading which is why I bought one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is great and works perfectly for any use	20in Monitor
The tablet was a gift for my Dad for Christmas. He likes it so far, the music part he loves. The tablet is build solid. I like the home page better than my 6 inches one. He has used expansion micro SD by putting 128gb.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
After a lot of research, decided to get the Fire for 80 year old mother-in-law. She is gradually learning it and is enjoying using it as a reader. Fairly quick learning curve for someone definitely not technologically inclined.	USB-C Charging Cable
Satisfied with tablet, especially for the price. Christmas gift for a middle school kid. It worked out.	27in FHD Monitor
This item was on sale and I bought it cheaper than on Amazon with the features it's a great buy	Flatscreen TV
I've bought kindles before so we were already familiar with the product. It works just as great as the other ones and is a nice little size. Picture is better on our other ones, but that's because the other ones are HD. Great purchase for a great price!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased as a Christmas Gift for my sister during Black Friday. Great tablet for reading books , surfing web, etc etc for your daily needs.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"BOUGHT THIS AS A GIFT FOR A FAMILY MEMBER - THEY ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT - USER FRIENDLY - HAPPY CAMPER WITH THEIR NEW AMAZON FIRE 7"" TABLET !! :)"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
got it as a reader and browser. portability and price cannot be beat!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this table for my five year old daughter and she loves it. Placed parental controls on the tablet so she can't make purchases or search the web. Very easy to use and has great apps. May get one myself!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great to have to keep the kids occupied in the car.	USB-C Charging Cable
Overall this tablet is great. Feels great in your hand(s). In my opinion it'd be great for a light user or a child.	USB-C Charging Cable
I wasn't too sure about getting a tablet at first. I've had an iPhone for years and have always loved reading hard cover books. I was also concerned that I would have a hard time learning the software other than apple. I'm happy to report that the software was not difficult to adjust to in the least and I thoroughly enjoy reading on a tablet now!	27in FHD Monitor
It is an easy to use tablet and my girl love it! Great price.	Wired Headphones
"Great tablet but low internal storage and does not allow for much ""customization"" of the home screen and other screens."	Google Phone
Got it for my future mother in law as a christmas gift she is enjoying being able to read books online	Flatscreen TV
I bought this for a Christmas gift. They love it! Very happy with purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for my nephew and he loved it ! Easy to set up and easy to use !	Wired Headphones
This is my first experience to use Amazon Tablet.This very useful in your life.You can use Android Market and Amazon Market too.I recommend this one. Cheap and convenient.	27in FHD Monitor
This isn't the best tablet, but for casual gaming, youtubing, the price was perfect for this tablet on black friday.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
ok tablet - can do what I need - doesn't stay charged long enough tho	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my kids, the parental controls are awesome. The tab does everything it is supposed to very well, I even find myself using it after kids fall asleep. Would strongly recommend to any one looking on a budget.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Loving my new Kindle, especially upgrade to having a camera!!	27in FHD Monitor
Great for kids. Bought it for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it. For the cost it is a great tablet.	Wired Headphones
Love, love, love the tablet and all it's multi uses and functionality. LOVE IT!!!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Excellent for my loving kids and more easily to use by them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is reasonably priced so you can replace if need be. The small size is perfect for kids especially when travelling.	Wired Headphones
"This basic tablet was just what I wanted for our Gift tree."" It was a good buy for the quality and price. The tablet has a good reputation for reliability."	Google Phone
I like the Kindle. My first one died a quick death and took all me important apps with it. No idea how to get them back.	27in FHD Monitor
Great Tablet for the price and works really well... Cannot go wrong with this Tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Because of the reasonable cost, I was able to buy 3 of these tablets for my grandchildren for Christmas, and to date they are working just great.	Lightning Charging Cable
A really low price for an amazing little pad. Quad chip	Wired Headphones
its okay it does freeze in a game and have to reboot it. but its okay.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I own a FIRE HD tablet. It is a good handy device to have. Simple to operate and works great for what I need. I bought this as a gift to my nephew for Christmas - and he is enjoying it too. Great device for a very affordable price.	Lightning Charging Cable
This did not fulfil all of my needs, but it is a great starting product	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the beginner or young child. would recomend	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
What a GREAT PRICE!! This one is a lot different from the one I am replacing. I, personally, don't think it's as user friendly. But there's nothing that can be done about that. I only use it for books, nothing else.	20in Monitor
I bought this for a young kid so that she would be able to have her own device to play games on. She's been extremely happy and we haven't encountered any issues or problems with her being able to use it.	Product
A few years back I asked for and received a Kindle for Christmas - LOVED IT. So I bought this one as a gift for a first time tablet user. They are extremely happy, it is simple to use. This is a great little table/ computer that now comes with a regular re-charger. Strongly suggest this table.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Slow with limited application. Battery doesn't last long and the download speed is less than expected.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got 1each for mom and dad (seniors), alien to android were using that very day on their own.. they love it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My husband is not much on high tech, but he loves this updated version of the Fire Tablet. He uses it mostly for Bible reading. He says it is easy to use and he can find passages much quicker than with his old kindle	Wired Headphones
Tablets are easy for setting up, & using. Thank you.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My product rating is based on my experience with my own Fire I received last Fall as a gift. I purchased this Fire as a Christmas gift and the recipient seems to be happy with it. I would like to be able to manage the material on the Cloud easier but this may have been addressed with the newer model.	
This is our seventh Kindle purchased! Love them all! Price was fantastic too!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for a 17 yr old.He absolutely loves it.The price for this tablet makes it so affordable.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I was super hesitant to get the new 7"" kindle fire because it was so cheap and I was sure it would be poor quality buy boy was I wrong! We got 3 of them (1 per kid) and they LOVE them. We put kid safety programs on them to keep them in an approved section of the games we have allowed and they work great. My husband and I steal them all of the time for Netflix and I couldn't be happier. 100% happy with the purchases. Still can't believe they were so cheap!!!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this item as a gift. She loves the tablet and uses it every day.	LG Washing Machine
Was looking for something for my son to play games on while traveling and this was very inexpensive and great quality. The charger is not nearly as long as it needs to be but otherwise it is a great product.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchase 6 of these tablets for my grandchildren Xmas present. I loved it so much, I will be purchasing one for my self.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was bought for a college student. She loves it, and it is easy to use and carry with the large amounts of books she has already.	LG Washing Machine
Bought two for early teenagers-they want books, games and it helps to teach responsibility of e-mail and social media use.	Wired Headphones
Surprisingly good picture quality and easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is very great because it's not harsh on the eyes when reading and the battery life is great. I like to read a lot so it's perfect for that. The touch screen works well too. Overall I'm very satisfied with this purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a good tablet, next time I buy a tablet I will get a bigger one. It does all we need it to. Great for kids!	Lightning Charging Cable
Really good for anyone all the best parts of amazon kindle fire but with new expandable storage which makes awesome plus cameras which were not available before	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my daughter. She likes it just for reading books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Paid 50 bucks for it and with that you can't complain. Great for a general use tablet	20in Monitor
I have no problems with it. Maybe a lil to small and to heavy	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for a Christmas gift. She loved it. Went home that night and downloaded books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good Product for the purchase, great for beginners.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 5 year old son and he loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids love them I brought four so far for my kids good quality at the right price....they still haven't put them down	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my daughter and I have no complaints. It's a little slow compared to my iPad, but it's perfect for a child.	20in Monitor
What a great value! I thought at first that it was so underpowered that it would be useless, but not so. I have bought 6 of them so far, and am lovin it!	Macbook Pro Laptop
nice little tablet cant go wrong with the price can watch movies browse the net all kids of apps and can expand the memory	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is one sweet little tablet for taking along with you wherever you.go. It is everything you need in an ereader. The color and resolution on a $50 tablet is impressive. My mother is able to use it without problem and she loves the portability.	Wired Headphones
Amazing tablet, great quality and great features!!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I really use it a lot. I take it with me everywhere. It fits perfectly in my purse. Love it for games and email.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Definitely Worth the $50 would recommend to friends	ThinkPad Laptop
Had to take first one back because the screen went haywire. The second one is doing great. Love how much it holds.	Google Phone
I like this tablet ...............................	iPhone
First tablet for my daughter whose is only 5 - can navigate and use with ease! For the cost, amazing value - and love the ability to expand with the SD. Tied into Amazon in certain respects but the platform still allows for a number of workarounds. A cant miss for the cost...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this little tablet! The clarity is very nice, it boots up fast and is simple to use. The price was so right, too! And the extra SD card slot is such a plus. I use an iPad too but this tablet is great for reading my eBooks. A great buy!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great little device for a kid or anyone! My daughter loves it! Works simply and keeps her entertained and educated.	iPhone
The Kindle Fire is a good tablet! It is easy to navigate!	Lightning Charging Cable
good one..I liked it..even my kids enjoy this.use it for all games	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Holding up well but purchased a good case. Like the kindle a lot.	Lightning Charging Cable
So far so good seem like a good tablet for general stuff	Macbook Pro Laptop
Grandkids are doing great. Love this product, and thrilled with grandkids usage.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice screen. Time limit for kids is a nice feature.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's a good tablet for the price considering it was only $50. Not the best quality but suitable for my kids to enjoy	Lightning Charging Cable
Got it for Christmas for my 4yr old she loves it uses it to watch movies on it.. great for the little ones to use they have a great section of kid shows to buy at a very good price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Tablet was purchased for a 10 yr old - it's great for him to play games on, listen to music and watch movies/YouTube. Very easy for him to figure out.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought as a gift as I have had one for years and love it.	ThinkPad Laptop
It has been a great tablet for my daughter. User friendly.	iPhone
Bought 5, 1 for each of my kids. So far so good. No issues with anything.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my mother to review pictures and play game. She is enjoying it since games can be played without Wi-Fi.	Google Phone
This kindle fire tablet was perfect gift for child she is 3 years old bit can work it and loves it	Wired Headphones
Excellent price point for feature rich product. The screen is clear & sound is passable. I would recommend this product as a great buy.	iPhone
It was for a gift and it has been really liked by the receiver.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I thought this would be a good idea to buy my children. After I spoke with an associate at best buy and explained that I wanted this my my small children so they could play on YouTube he told me that it would work food for that. Well that was not the case I cannot ever get on you tube and my kids have not even used it after they initially tried.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We purchased this tablet for my 9 year old daughter as a extra Christmas present. She loved it from the start, great starter tablet for reading and games. No lag on gaming, just enough space and perfect for using around the house. Highly recommended for first time tablet or starter. Especially for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. I'm still playing around with it. Purchase it for my son.	Google Phone
This replaced a 4 year old kindle for my 67 year old mother. Extremely glad i went with another Kindle and the fire is awesome! resolution is great! Does everything needed and with ease!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my new fire! Such a smooth running tablet. I can use audible as well on this and Netflix and fun games. Battery lasts long time as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
read most of the reviews. didn't see anything about ads or I may have been blinded on how cheap it was. there are ads at the lock screen and the pop ups from free apps. the several apps I have download would always pop up. got me annoyed so I returned it. besides that it is pretty smooth operating, smoother than galaxy tab A.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a great tablet for the price. You can't beat $49.00. 85% of my usage of this device is for reading my Kindle books. Yes I would recommend if you're looking for a simple tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
It was a good tablet really easy for kids with great security	USB-C Charging Cable
Great first time tablet for a beginner , no problems yet. Very happy with purchase	USB-C Charging Cable
It works well fast and easy to get to my email and Facebook too.	Flatscreen TV
For $49 this tablet is an incredible value!!This is the best solution ever for kids	20in Monitor
I bought 2 of these tablets as gifts for my nephews, ages 7 and 11. They absolutely love them!	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased two of these tablets as gifts to the grandsons. Set up was a breeze, and Mom & Dad especially like the features for younger children. We also added a 64gb SD Card to both for the added storage! Overall, everyone is quite happy...	Wired Headphones
Excellent tablet for kids. Does everything that an I Pad can do.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
love this tablet...very easy to use and read books on	Lightning Charging Cable
pretty slow, but for the price i guess it works ok	Google Phone
Love that I could buy a card to increase storage, the Picture quality was awesome! And the price was very reasonable! I had one happy granddaughter	Wired Headphones
This was a gift for a mother. The mother loved the gift	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my seven year old. Last year was an iPad and lasted 3 months. I couldn't see spending $300 on another so I settled for this kindle. She loves it and I'd recommend it as a great tablet for the younger kids and at a great price.	27in FHD Monitor
This was sold out on Amazon prior to Christmas, and my spouse really wanted one. This was ordered and delivered sooner than expected, in plenty of time for Christmas. She loves it and uses it several hours each day. Much better vehicle for her use rather than the cell phone. Cruises the web, stays in-touch with family, and dreams! Great service from Best Buy, great product as well.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My kids each got one of these for Christmas. They like them much better than their Kindles	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Better than his last Kindle, camera is great addition	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for my brother for Xmas and he loved it. He is able to watch Netflix on his tablet. Recommend it for kids. I will be buying my sister one now too.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought two of these, one for each of my granddaughters. They absolutely love them.	USB-C Charging Cable
We are more than satisfied with this tablet along with the price!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for streaming and learning games for kids. Good research tool for older kids.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is a great buy. Very happy with it. Has many great features. I'm very pleased with my purchase. Will buy another for my grand daughter. I'm still learning all the great apps etc... Thanks so much.	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet for my son for Christmas. I chose this one because it was the most popular tablet sold. He hasn't parted with it yet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Otherwise, I have really enjoyed my Kindle Fire and use it all the time. Love being able to read anywhere. Also watch movies on it with good resolution.	Wired Headphones
Great little cheap android tablet. doesn't have the best of screens or speed, but for the price it cant be beat	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It was for my mother in law and she loves the tablet.	Wired Headphones
my daughter loves her tablet she got it for christmas and has lots of fun with her own games	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandson is enjoying his tablet. He uses it for games and communicating with me.	Lightning Charging Cable
No prob loved it highly recommend. Easy to transport. Great graphics.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent. Grandchildren love them. They were so excited to receive this and have not put it down since. Even my 2 year old is having a ball	Lightning Charging Cable
"I got this for $35 during Black Friday. Since I've had it, I noticed that the battery life does not last very long. I have to charge it at least once a day. At first, I thought that I may have a faulty tablet, but I looked on Amazon's website and the Fire has a battery life of 7 hours...no wonder.The size of the Fire, though is small enough that I can take it with me when I go out and am waiting to pass the time. I also bring this with me to the gym and watch movies or read on it while I'm on the treadmill or stationary bike.I use the Fire for different things. Mainly, to play apps and stream videos on Amazon prime. For these functions, there's a little in the animation, when I play games, but it isn't frequent.I have read several books on the Fire and I must say, that I prefer to read off of the Nook HD. The print on the Fire is a little bit fuzzy and is not as crisp as the Nook.Since the Fire is from Amazon, it is locked down to only work with ""Amazon approved"" apps. As I mentioned earlier, I have a Nook as well. On that, I am able to download the Kindle app and read books that I have purchased through Amazon on the Nook. On the Fire, however, I am not able to download the Nook app so that I can read books that I have purchased through for the Nook.Overall, for the price that I paid, this is not bad. This is one of those tablets that if it gets dropped, I wouldn't get a headache over it."	iPhone
Works great, has a great display, easy to use. Rivals other more expensive brands.	Lightning Charging Cable
It is basically what you want in a tablet. It has everything, just buying the ads to go away was a bummer.	Wired Headphones
Great Value On A Tablet. I bought this for travel. At $49 if you lose or drop it you are not out $100's of dollars. It performs great.	iPhone
The price was right for what I needed and it dose what I need it to do.	Wired Headphones
Purchased it for my son. He loves it and it is easy to use. Great deal too!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
it is easy for him to use. It has all the apps. that he wanted and can add more.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's great if you don't download a lot of books. Storage is filled quickly	USB-C Charging Cable
For the price , you can't go wrong. More than you'd expect from a tablet at this price	Macbook Pro Laptop
I have loved Amazon's Kindles from the start. Everything is user friendly and Amazon's customer service can't be beat!	27in FHD Monitor
I got this kindle at a black Friday sale at a great price. My daughter loves it .She was able to set it up for more than one user so her and her boyfriend can both use it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift to my sister in law and she loves it. Only comes with 8GB of memory but you can upgrade to 128 and she did.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for young kids, It was very inexpensive, which is the main reason I got it. Kids are usually clumsy. It has most of the apps that the other services provide.	Vareebadd Phone
BROUGHT FOR MY COWORKERS DAUGHTER FOR CHRISTMAS AND SHE LOVES IT. HE SAID ITS HER BEST GIFT.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price, this is an amazing tablet. I was able to side-load the Google Play Store for an even better Android experience. The best of both worlds (Amazon/Google)	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the Kindle Fire, it is wonderful for playing games and watching movies	AA Batteries (4-pack)
a friend recommended the amazon fire tablet to me. its easy to use and i am very happy i brought the fire tablet	Wired Headphones
I ordered two of these tablets, one for 4 yr old, and another for mom. It is not user friendly, difficult to use and full of advertisements even when not online. Comes with games that kids enjoy, but very limited on other application options. Book ordering requires monthly subscriptions. We have purchased another product for mom, and the 4 yr old quickly got bored with the limited options, and I got frustrated trying to navigate.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Compared to an equally inexpensive RCA tablet, this one has more limitations in the apps you can get. I was disappointed in its utility and prefer the RCA tablet over this one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased three of these. One as an upgrade to my old Kindle and two for Xmas gifts. The battery life seems short, but otherwise I have no issues. I used it primarily for reading on the train and browsing the internet.	Vareebadd Phone
There is also a way to add the play store ..... so I have heard :)	Wired Headphones
My mom likes to read...a lot. Set up was a snap, and she was off and reading in no time! She also enjoys the many functions of such an inexpensive tablet!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 3 of these tablets on Black Friday. 1 for my oldest son to replace a Tablet he had damaged awhile ago, one for my toddler son who has begun to enjoy using my wife's tablet for Sesame, Thomas, etc, and one for myself since they were such a good buy. Since we have Amazon Prime and Netflix, I must say that this thing comes in pretty handy!	Wired Headphones
My grandson is 6 and he loves this tablet.. Easy for him to us and a great price.. Well worth it	Flatscreen TV
The process of creating profiles and tweaking parental controls was easy and painless.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Customer service rep took my sale was horrible. Would not recommend her as a customer friendly person	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got them as Thanksgiving and Christmas gifts during the Black Friday. Works perfectly as an e-reader or as a basic tablet for watching youtube or reading anything online. You get what you pay for so don't compare this with Apple or Samsung. Happy with the purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 2 of these on Black Friday becasue the price was amazing! I kept one for myself and gave the other one away as a raffle prize for our Christmas party. The recipient was really excited to get it and I like mine so far. It was pretty awesome to be able to get a reputable tablet for such a low price. Awesome buy!!!	20in Monitor
Got this for the kids and the love them. !!!!!!!!!!!	ThinkPad Laptop
This was very easy to order online and pickup. Convenient and hastle free.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love the Fire. I can carry it in my purse plus I can read it anywhere. I took it on my cruise and every chance I had, I laid out on the deck and read books on it. It was a great buy!!	LG Dryer
"Did not work right out of the box; bad hard drive. Read other reviews that stated the same issue. Would not recommend to anyone. Save your money."	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent Black Friday deal. My 17 year old son was very excited to go to Black Friday, so after Thanksgiving dinner we walked down to Best Buy and were so surprised to find it busy, but organized and easy to see items and find great deals!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good tablet, but mainly for readers. There are a lot of apps for books, and such...but there are other apps you can download.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I have owned a 7"" Kindle Fire HD since they came out years ago. My grandkids were constantly asking to use it, so when these 7"" kindle fire's came out I decided to get them for 5 of my grandkids. They have amazing quality for the price (I have bought the junk out there for $30 - $70 and that's what they are JUNK!) and the grandkids are thrilled. I wish I had bought it for all of the kids. I have recommended this tablet to all of my friends!"	Flatscreen TV
Good tablet so far. My kids have really enjoyed it and have not put down since they got it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Gave as a Christmas gift, she loves it. Did have to pay to ship it though.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The only thing that could have been better than this great great deal would have been the tablet being free. What a great tablet at an amazing price. I'll buy another at its regular price I like it so much.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my wife who is not much of a tablet person. She likes it now to check emails, news, Skype and such. It was a Black Friday special. It is easy to use and small to carry in her purse. My only complaint is that the videos are not watchable at times but that may be due to my internet connection being slow at times. Overall a Best Buy!	20in Monitor
Purchased it for the kids and they love it. Easy to use	Vareebadd Phone
I did get this on sale right before the holidays. I was looking for a Kindle with at a minimum back lighting. Though it doesn't solve all of the glare issues, it actually made for a great tablet at a very low cost price.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for the price... Works excellent... Memory card capability makes it even better..	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We've tried a few different brands of tablets, between the DigiLand tablet my neice has or the Polaroid tablets we bought last year. Don't buy Polaroid. The brand used to be about quality, but their tablets are terrible. Slow, unable to process much, they needed to be restarted constantly from freezing.But Amazon's Fire tablet is amazing. My mom was so happy with it. It runs so well and is just overall AWESOME.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased it mostly to listen to music but it does so much more than I expected.	Wired Headphones
I bought them for my kids for Christmas. They LOVE them!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
You cannot beat this price. I was looking for an inexpensive tablet for my kids and the Fire 7 worked perfectly. They strictly use it for games, but the Fire 7 has allowed me to monitor what they are downloading and will filter out content that I select as inappropriate. Plus, all this is linked to my Amazon account. GREAT PRODUCT!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet works well and has all the functionality needed. Great Christmas deal.	USB-C Charging Cable
We are really enjoying our purchase of this tablet. I bought it for my 7-year old, my husband, and myself to use. The kid-friendly controls are appreciated. When needed, we just log in as me to access the wilds of the internet that are kept from her when she is logged in. Speedy, friendly, and very nice screen. I am going to add internal memory and then we will be set!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
After purchasing for myself and mother in the past, I felt it was reliable and friendly enough for my 11 year old. Easy to set up and has parental controls. She loves to use it for reading and games. It's fabulous and the price was excellent and my main deciding factor. You just can't beat $49.99. Thanks Best Buy.	27in FHD Monitor
Our household is an Apple household (3 iPads, 4 iPhones, Mac, Apple TV etc) but for the price of these tablets I gave this a try. I had low expectations due to the price point and didn't expect much as far as screen resolution etc...Set up was easy, linked with my Amazon Prime account easily as well...screen resolution doesn't compare to iPad Retina display but that's expected....battery life is ok but not on par with iPad...I use it for Ebooks as its smaller than my iPads and for checking Facebook etc if it's nearby.It can't replace iPad BUT...I bought 4 of them so everyone in my house has this small, functional tablet....Might even permanently mount as small TV screens in bathroom etc...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love the screen great price and keeps my son entertained. He enjoys his short videos and pictures	Wired Headphones
Easy enough for my 3 yr old to use, great deal!!!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for kids, however DO NOT charge this tablet in your car! The charger in your car will ruin your tablet! The Fire 7 tablet charger can only handle so much current and your car charger has too much current! We could not power on the tablet after trying to charge our tablets using the car charger. It happened to both of our tablets and we had the tablets less than 1 month. Best Buy was nice enough to replace one tablet and give us a refund for the other (I paid more money for a nicer tablet).	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's worked well, great value for the price, good speed, overall a good bang for the buck.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Someone who like to begin their journey to tab world that is absolutely one to get.	Flatscreen TV
My kids enjoy their tablets. They really enjoy the games the can download on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my mother who has not used a tablet often and already she loves it and it helps to occupy her time since she has retired.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I would recommend this tablet to anyone very good tablet	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought it as a gift for my mom and it's simple enough to get done what she needs	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love the kindle. Perfect size and very easy to use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Best Buy always offers great products at great prices. There sales are outstanding and I always find their sales persons to be knowledgeable and friendly.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for the price. Easy to read documents.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought about four of these tablets as gifts for family members. This tablet does not come with a lot of features. Very affordable and Amazon builds a decent tablet.	Google Phone
Amazing product I bought 2 one for me and wife we read alot of books so perfect and the selection is great books a must buy.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a Christmas gift for my husband and he loves it. It is a nice size and easy to use, whether he is reading or playing card games.	Wired Headphones
My daughter loves it! She reads and play her favorite games on it everyday.	iPhone
The tablet is nice, it is good for the price, lot of apps available and easy to use	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a great price and excellent gift. It has a lot of built in apps that both adults and kids will enjoy.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased this tablet to leave in the kitchen to use for pinterest recipes. It is perfect for that, and small enough to easily tuck away in a cabinet when not in use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this onblack friday for $35 AND ABSOLUTELY love it. Thanks Best Buy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was a present for my grandson. He uses it all the time and loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great buy for the price. Very vanilla and a little small but you cant beat the price for a beginners tablet or a cheap replacement.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tablet is good for the price. A good tablet for beginner and does what we need it for.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet works just like expected. Great for the games I like to play. It is just the right size to carry in my purse. No problems.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought tablets for my grandson's and they are perfect! I pre-loaded it with games and videos for kids their age (3 and 4) before giving it to them for Christmas. Well worth the money.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my daughter and she absolutely loves it! It has parental controls also (which she doesn't love)!	20in Monitor
When I fist walked into best buy, I thought I was going to get my son a new Samsung. I was nervous about spending that much on a first tablet for a second grader. The sales rep pointed me to the kindle, and i'm glad he did.	Wired Headphones
I never expected this small device could have so many features. Its good but you need to buy a memory extension	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great started tablet. I purchased this as a started tablet for my niece and she loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My children love this tablet! Great tablet for the price!	Lightning Charging Cable
See above review summary Bought for my Grandkids and they love watching TV on it learning how to use. You should see their faces when the TV came on with Mickey on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My girls loved the tablets and the cases even though both of them have Iphones. I haven't seen them that excited about a Christmas gift since they were children awaiting Santa Claus! My oldest daughter found it perfect for her flight to France!!!	
Bought this for my father for a gift & he loves it!!!	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought it during the black Friday sale, is mainly used for minecraft pocket edition. Charging port is pretty weak, though.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased two of these as Christmas gifts. Both individuals love them. Has been used constantly since received. Great size for holding in your hand easily.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
If you are looking for a decent tablet for a great price, look no further because this is the bee's knee's.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my 7 yr old and she just loves it.	Flatscreen TV
It perfect gift to my cousin for this thanksgiving. She love it :)	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I cant ask for more for this price! very please with the Kindle Fire features	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My son is non stop on this tablet it's fast. He can look up anything on it and recoding video is clear. He loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love everything about this tablet except for the camera it's only a 2 MP.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this Tablet for my son and he loves it. The pictures are clear and the battery charge holds a long time. Excellent Tablet for the low price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent speakers for home theater system satisfied	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
searching the internet is a great bonus with this device	ThinkPad Laptop
I like the size of this kindle and easy access to internet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Product was good for $50. Heavier than I expected. I was looking to replace an older Kindle. Nothing fancy but adequate.	20in Monitor
I bought three of these as christmas gifts for my grand-sons ages 3,6,11. I didn't think about the type of playstore available for them to get games. They were disappointed as they were unable to get some of the games they were used to in the playstore unless they paid for them. One of them has to be returned as it will not hold a charge which has been frustrating for the child who is trying to play his games.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice packaging. Easy setup. Great for a middle schooler.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it because it had great reviews yet was inexpensive. Worth every penny. The cases available r too pricey.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought 2 of these for my parents and they love them. My mom has a smart phone so she does pretty good with hers, my dad has a flip phone, but seems to have no problem figuring it out.	27in FHD Monitor
Kids love it, no real issues. Solid tablet for the value.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought two for my kids for Christmas. They love it.	Wired Headphones
I brought tablet for my 3 yr old son. It was okay for him but I wasn't crazy about the amazon apps. It was a decent tablet though for that price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The display is not great but can be used as a back up device for rough use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent tablet at an exceptional price. I highly recommend this tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
The black friday price was good for this tablet. Too many ads, but for what I use it for, it is great.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my 8 year old daughter so that I could get my iPad back. The biggest feature that I like is the ability to control her content and screen time. Some apps that she has on the iPad aren't available on the Fire but it does enough to keep her satisfied. This is a good entry level tablet for a kid.	USB-C Charging Cable
The new kindle has so many great features and is an excellent upgrade over the previous version. I love the ease in using it and it is so compact and light i take it every where. A perfect christmas gift and great value for the price.	Flatscreen TV
Great price and great for young one and a good tablets for beginners	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great little tablet for around the house . It is only WiFi capable but it is inexpensive $35.00 bfs. I use it to catch up on emails, recipes, calculator, games and so much more when I just don't feel like starting up the desk top computer. It's portable and convenient! So happy the BestBuy employee Jessica Lee suggested it, she was awesome. To think I only came in to buy a movie.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
great to use very easy to use for teens and greatprice	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this tablet for the price I paid it is easy to use, setup, and I like the way it looks.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought my first Kindle Fire several years ago. This year I bought 3 (a new one for everyone in my household). Great tablet, lightweight & I love that the newer Kindle has expandable memory.	USB-C Charging Cable
For the price, I feel like if you complain about anything, you're just going to sound crazy. I got this on Black Friday special, which was awesome. I use this for home automation and playing clash of clans. If you're big into Amazon stuff, this also has a nice selection of amazon apps.	20in Monitor
"I returned and got the 8"" since this turned this product and would not turn on. I got another since it was a gift."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased these tablets for my grandchildren. They are young and do not need anything fancy. So, knowing these tablets are simple and easy to use for young children was the right one to purchase. They are very happy with the tablets and it is easy for them to understand and use. Excellent purchase.	27in FHD Monitor
Kids love playing games on the tablet - fast for an inexpensive tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I wanted to get my kids a tablet and this was the best option..Glad I made this decision my kids love the kindle	34in Ultrawide Monitor
esay to read screen and fast operating systemgreat for a young adult	Wired Headphones
I love the new kindle. It has many updates that make it more like a tablet. Great gaming options and is still the perfect device to read books from.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice inexpensive tablet that is easy to use. Bought it for my 5 year old son and he loves it!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It is easy & flexible to use. Much less expensive than other tablets.	iPhone
Shipping was fast, well packaged and Easy to use!!	iPhone
everything I was looking for and more. Clarity and brightness	Wired Headphones
I read a lot, check emails and shop, that's all I want and need from a tablet and this one is awesome!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
There is I could say about this tab but nothing other reviewers haven't said. This tab is AWESOME!!!	iPhone
I have been using this for a couple of weeks now and very happy with it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is great and has some great features. I love it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I looked at several brands and read reviews of tablets before making my purchase and the Amazon Fire was by far the best. I purchased mine from Best Buy and they had a great price, less than $50!! I highly recommend this product, it has plenty of room for games, books or just to search the web. I love it!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
YouTube plays only in the desktop version not the mobile version	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son loves this tablet!! He's 13 yrs old and this thing does everything. Great battery life also	AA Batteries (4-pack)
my kids love it. It fast and the camera is great. Easy to use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
you can not fail on Amazon. I primarily use for reading books and watching prime video without any problem. Love this little thing!	27in FHD Monitor
Obviously this is not the best tablet in its class, but its a great value for the price.	ThinkPad Laptop
Got it for you tube only, does the job. No complaints. Was a gift	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for my kids to play on. It fills that aspect great but the battery might last two hours of continuous use.	Wired Headphones
I bought two fire tabs for my kids on thanks giving... the were excited about it and liked it a lot... lots of games, movies and pretty good stuff for them.	Lightning Charging Cable
This item was purchased for a gift I red feedbackThe person enjoyed the gift	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought these for my classroom on Black Friday. The great deal was what motivated the purchase but I'm thrilled with them even if they had been more. Can connect to the internet so students can use apps easily. Makes learning fun!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Received as Christmas gift and I love the size and features of the kindle.	Google Phone
this is my first tablet and so far it has been great. Games and apps. all loaded fast and worked great. Wish battery was stronger but I use it around the house a lot and plugging it in is not a problem and it charges fast.	Lightning Charging Cable
"Bought this tablet for kids. Great price for what you get. Not as nice as the 7"" HD but price is right. Quick and responsive, would recommend for anyone looking for a tablet for child use. Parent controls are a nice touch."	Lightning Charging Cable
Safe buy bought on Black Friday for 35 bucks super happy	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought 2 for Christmas. One for a 3.5 year old and one for a 2 year old. It works well for them and if they trash it I'm only out $50 for a replacement.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was (and still is) a great price for this tablet. Newly added expanding expandable storage helps with storage issues. Included ac adapter and cable.	20in Monitor
Speedy delivery, product was in good shape, and it was well liked by the users.	27in FHD Monitor
Added it as a gift to my son's already expensive x mas gifts. He's 21 and loves it! Bought one for my nephew too and he loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Very good item for a very reasonable price. Easy to work, gets the job done.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my mom. The touchscreen is not as responsive as my iPad. The camera is a little underpowered too. I didn't think it would matter much, but it is pretty pixelated. It serves her purposes and I knew it wasn't a high end device going in. She has been able to fumigate it out mostly, so that's been a bonus.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Was given to my husband as a gift. He loves it. Said it was a great gift. Purchase it at a great price.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought for my parents fur Christmas. They live them. Very simple and easy to use	Wired Headphones
Bought this tablet for my 7yr old daughter for Christmas. I love that it's not overly complicated but not kiddy as well. Overall, awesome tablet for everyone.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Cant beat $50 for a brand name. Both for reading and browsing.	USB-C Charging Cable
My 8 year old loves itEasy to setup and navigate.	Google Phone
Perfect size, works great, great streaming quality.	Wired Headphones
Excellent kindle for the price. Works great and ordering from Best Buy online was amazing.	Flatscreen TV
The Fire 7 Tablet allows you to get a lot of free apps. It runs fast even with the amount of apps you have on there.	Lightning Charging Cable
An excellent choice for an inexpensive tablet, the Fire is easy to use wherever WiFi is available. The only minor drawback I've found is the touch-screen is not very sensitive and at times doesn't respond at all.	27in FHD Monitor
I have a couple kindle fires myself. I loved them and she was looking for a reader. So I got her this kindle fire. She loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Only downfall is there are lots of pop up ads, otherwise a great inexpensive tablet!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought 2 of these, played with one of them, then gave then as gifts to people for Christmas.	Wired Headphones
He loves to read, play games and watch movies. Great purchase	Bose SoundSport Headphones
kindle fire is a great product also caught it at a special price its super fast and takes great photos	Apple Airpods Headphones
Price was reasonable and it is easy to use. It is just the right size for traveling.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the product. It's for my son so it should be fun	ThinkPad Laptop
I was searching on Amazon for the Kindle 7 but it was out of stock until AFTER Christmas. Went to Best Buy and found they had more than enough in stock. Got one for my daughter who loves it. Thanks!	Apple Airpods Headphones
good tablet for a young person to begin with small to handle	iPhone
Overall good product and got everything I need to stay tune.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I would highly reconmnd this product to anybody. I use it on a daily basis	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought this tablet for my son for Christmas. It's a decent tablet for a kid and the price is reasonable. I would recommend it for a person who's not big on technology. It's definitely not an IPad!!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought four of these for nieces and nephews. Works great been several weeks all four going strong and these kids can break anything really easy.	Flatscreen TV
Great tablet for kids to play games and watch videos.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased tab for my kids and they love it thus far. They play games on it and it works great.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My kids just Love there tablets and they are Very Much worth the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
We've bought two now and this version is a little lighter w/larger screen and just like our first one, really simple to use. We call them our tablets. They're super afordable and worth the $. Our first one was double the price so couldn't pass up this deal. It still works great and has been dropped many times by my toddler. Has all the same features as the child version I think. Great product!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazing how low cost this tablet is. Good for basic apps and browsing. Has ads on the lock screen unless you pay to get rid of them, but is just the lock screen and does not interfere with any functionality. For cost can't go wrong.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price, it cannot be beat. The screen isn't the best quality but for the price it is sufficient	27in FHD Monitor
Foe the Price... Its a steal. Awesome tablet for basic needs.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 2 grandsons, ages 9 and 11, had to share a kindle which often left the 9 year old out. Now they can play games with each other on their kindles. Things are quieter now.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have purchased two of these for my children. This is sturdy and easy to use. There are parental controls as well. My 12 y/o and my 10 y/o operate these with ease. I am thinking of purchasing one as a gift for my mother.	
I bought 3 of them as gifts for my nephews. It was really disapproval to learn that they were already linked to my Amazon account. I started getting notices everything's they downloaded something. I had to literally unlink everyone one of them from my account before they made a big purchase (which they did purchase Amazon Prime-which I cancelled because I wasn't ready for a $100 purchase).	Wired Headphones
Got this for my hisband who is totally not tech savvy---he has been able to download some games for himself plus navigate a little bit on here---a major step for him.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is good for basic web browsing and lite app use. Great for kids, or someone who isn't going to be a heavy tablet user. Great introductory tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My nephews love their new tablets!! Great Christmas gifts!	27in FHD Monitor
Isn't a cheat and easy to break tablet and has just enough of all the apps for me	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my father for Christmas. He has a smartphone, but the screen is getting a little too smail for him to read, so I thought I smaller tablet might be nice. I was right. He absolutely loves his Kindle!	iPhone
We purchased the Kindle Fire as a Christmas gift forfpor Son in law and really not sure what he thinks about it since he has not said anything except thank you when he opened it on Christmas morning. Sorry.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good tab for the price not a big issue if you break it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this for an 11 year old. This was more than enough for his games and videos.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Husband loved my KF so much I had to get one for him for X-mas. He kept ""borrowing"" mine! Easy to use, even most technically declined can handle."	Wired Headphones
"I had intended on replacing my dying 7"" tablet with a larger size, but I hesitated due to the added bulk when traveling. I'm glad I waited and grabbed this one for only $34.99. I'm very happy with the clarity of the display and the few free items I've downloaded from Amazon. Earphones are a necessity for music videos/movies of course. The only thing I don't care for is the charger plug which inserts into the tablet. Time will tell if this is a weak point."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this item for my 85 year old grandmother. She likes to play solitaire and read. She is always telling me that she plays solitaire to keep her mind sharp. I gave it to her as a christmas present and she loves it. I have since downloaded a couple of easy games for her. We haven't made it to the books or anything else yet. She is getting used to doing one thing at a time. She absolutely loves it and always has it with her. So much that I have to tell her to charge it. I am thinking of buying one for my self also.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
THOUGHT I GIVE IT TRY,SO FAR IT DOES THE JOB FOR WHAT I NEEDGOOD FOR THE PRICE!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my mom who is not technical at all. She loves it. It was easy set up and she's been using it everyday since she received it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I'm really enjoying this little tablet. I wat h Amazon Prime movies on it. I shop, check NFL scores and make dining reservations as well as keep up with news and personal email. It's just great.!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is great for what it is! They were presents and they love them!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for a first time tablet user with little technology aptitude so works great to get there toe wet in using a touch screen simple easy and cheap	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect tablet for my 7 year old girl. She really enjoys it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was a gift for a friend who enjoys how convenient and light it is.	Flatscreen TV
Bought it for my kids and they love it. They can't put it down	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good quality tablet. This tablet could be a bit more user friendly but once u get going by pushing a view apps you can find most of what your looking for.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon has the right idea with building an affordable yet quality tablet that provides wonderful access to Prime content.	USB-C Charging Cable
great for the whole family, there is something for everyone, all ages!	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased two for my kids for Christmas. They are not as easy to maneuver as an IPad but they loved them	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm very happy with this purchase. It is perfect for a child or an adult that does not need too much storage on their tablet.	iPhone
One of the simplest tablets probably out there, only good for those that want to get into Amazon.com shopping. Good value for bargain proce.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Serves my needs ,just need for quick Internet surfing,email,ect.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Gift was appreciated. Very affordable. Easy to shop online and pick up at store.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablet seems to work well. Not as fast as some but, not bad. I found it was not as easy to find an antivirus product to work with the Fire 7, as it was for other android products. I will use this tablet for reading books instead of surfing the web.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Device makes an excellent personal internet access machine! Some apps don't load on the device, but those are few and far between. Great music player as well as good interface with online streaming services such as Netflix. No need for a DVD player for the kids with this!	Macbook Pro Laptop
grand son said he liked it .that it was fun to play with. he could do what he needed to do with it. glad he is happy with it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my third Amazon Fire tablet, and it is definitely an upgrade from my two-year-old 7-inch Fire HD. I love that it has a card slot and both front and rear-facing cameras.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased the kindle fire for my six year old daughter and she loves it. She already knows how to work it.	Vareebadd Phone
This is the cheapest tablet I have ever bought, but the quality is better than I thought. It is a little bit heavier than ipad mini 2, and the android os works fine.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son likes the tablet well enough. He really only watches videos and plays games on it.	27in FHD Monitor
I dont like the kindle because u cant connect it chromecast!	Flatscreen TV
Bought for my grandson for Christmas. He loves it so much.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought two of these tablets for my twins (8 yrs old) for $34 each on Black Friday. I thought $49 was a bargain for this tablet. My kids have really enjoyed them. I was pleasantly surprised with the picture quality and everything this tablet had to offer. If you're looking for a basic tablet or one for your young kids, without spending a lot of money, this is worth it.	Wired Headphones
My husband loves how simple it is to use and he can take it anywhere	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have one and bought my daughter and mama one. It's perfect for games and to down load books	Lightning Charging Cable
I use my Kindle Fire mostly for reading Kindle books and I am pleased with this inexpensive little tablet.	iPhone
"We 2 Amazon Fire's for our kids for Christmas. We chose these because product reviews were good and the price was decent compared to other electronic pads. Since having them, they have been decent, but not great. The kids will turn them on to play games and their home screens don't always appear; sometimes when they want to play a game that is already downloaded, the pad acts like it needs to re-download the game; and there is a lot of frustration when all of the downloads start circling and they cannot do anything with their pads. Turning the pads completely off does not always help and sometimes, we cannot even get them to turn off. When they do work properly though, the kids love them. They are decent for a 1st time pad for kids for not a lot of money, but just keep in mind they can be frustrating at times."	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect tablet for the budget-minded. Obviously not as powerful or flashy as many other models, but at this price point, you can't go wrong.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
this was a present for my fifteen year old grandson,it was new as described, fast shipping, and he is happy with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Fire has been my granddaughter favorite	Wired Headphones
My twins love their tablets and I am able to down load lots of educational apps for them.	USB-C Charging Cable
I use this mini tablet at the gym to watch streaming tv and movie shows.- easy to setup- take a bit of time to get used to various screens- touch screen is a little slow to respond- bluetooth connectivity is not automatic. I have to try and connect the same device every time I use the tablet- overall very good for the price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet on Black Friday for an awesome price. Could beat the price for a quality tablet	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my nephew easy to use just could have more memory	Google Phone
Just love got it for my granddaughter just plain great	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for beginners at a great price point. Takes a little to get used to the Amazon operating system. Make sure you get a memory card with this as you have limited internal memory	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought product for my 6 year old grandson. It's easy for him to read ,watch movies and play games on.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for a friends 12 year old..he loves it! much like a regular tablet but added all the bonus features of having an amazon product! and it came with6 months of geek squad..couldnt have got any better.	27in FHD Monitor
Awsome tablet for the price, baught 4 of them its a steal.	Wired Headphones
My wife loves it better than the samsung galaxy tab 2 that she origanally used.	27in FHD Monitor
My children requesting iPad mini's for Xmas ,and not ready to make an large expense at young ages of 9. The fire has been a great product and my children are happy and so is mom and dad.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased a total of 3, one for each of my grandsons and one for me. Love reading on this kindle. One of my grandsons got a PS4 and he plays with his Fire rather than the PS4!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its small , compact, convenient to put into purse.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like the product. It works great. It is just what we were looking for. However, we had to sign up for the Amazon prime membership just to set up the account to actually use the product. We were not prepared for that.	27in FHD Monitor
Slow connecting, basic model, still a good product just not very advanced	Wired Headphones
This tablet is pretty good for a child, although what I dont like about it is you dont get Google play store	Flatscreen TV
Bought one for each of my kids and they love it. Functionally sound product very easy to use.	LG Dryer
My son loves this tablet. I love how you can regulate the time spent on this and control what your kids do on it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for a friend. It does everything she needs a tablet for. I helped her download an app and set up her email. All worked smoothly. Can't beat the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Really good, does what is described. Was at good price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Was unable to get to google docs on this one even though the sales person said we would be able to. My Granddaughter needed this for school & it did not allow you to get to google docs.	20in Monitor
Got this when it was on sale to replace my old Kindle Paperwhite. Makes for a great tablet as well as an e-reader. Love all the different apps! And the blue color is so pretty!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for puzzles and games, especially for the price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Sons tablet stopped working so needed a replacement this tablet fits the bill .	iPhone
Bought this for my son to play his games on and it's a great player for that.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's hard to beat the quality for the price it cost. Great for the kids.	Wired Headphones
It all depends on what your using a 50 dollar tablet to do is it for extreme gaming then i highly do not recommend this device. It is better for light use on the safe side use for 5h a day. 8h a day battery is the average, but runs down faster and over heats when playing a 3D game. But if u are on tight budget it is useful. ANOTHER MAJOR PROBLEM is that almost all apps that you would get on iphone and android are not availabe on the amazon fire appstore and there is no way to download them, for example clash of clans, racing rivals( which have decided to withdraw from the amazon contract and delte there game off amazons app stores). And other bigger titles omg even snapchat is not on there.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this tablet! Very easy to use and navigate.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great alternative to Ipad mini and the out of pocket cost is much less.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a great value. A premium tablet at an economic price. User friendly.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The colors and surfing is just great, size and connectively is great. Children love it. Makes reading anywhere a breeze.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this device for the text-to-speech function which is does well.	Flatscreen TV
Need a replacement for my son and this tablet Is great .	20in Monitor
Good little tablet. But I don't like that there is not a big choice of apps.	Product
This is a great tablet, I have the Kindle Fire HD or something like that and I got this for my grand daughter. She loves it, I hate that she's only 9yrs. old and I have to add her tablet to my Amazon account on my tablet cause she doesn't have an email, cause you have to set up an account with email.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet as a gift for my son who is always up on any new books or games. He loves it and is always thanking me for getting it for him. The clarity and colors on the screen are amazing. This is a very good product and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in buying a kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
when I bought the tablet I was not sure if she could advance on but she has done very well thanks	USB-C Charging Cable
I use it primarily for movies. The audio is low while using ear buds. Othere wise a very nice tablet for the money.	Google Phone
I have an iPad already. Just needed something that I can read books on. Found this on sale for $40. Great deal. Not the best for net surfing, but great for reading!	USB-C Charging Cable
staff was great my son was very pleased with his purchase we shop at your store quite often love best buy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for a good price. I bought this for my mother that has no clue about computers, tablets or anything technical. It's basically used for her to play games and she is able to navigate thru with a tutorial from me.	Lightning Charging Cable
this purchase was not for me but i decided ti purchase it for my wifeher name is rebecca.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading books and digital comics and the perfect entry-level tablet for Amazon's grand ecosystem. If you like this, you can upgrade in the future to something with more storage and power.	Wired Headphones
I haven't had any issues so far with my tablet. The only downside I am aware of is that I can't use it outdoors without getting a lot of glare.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is very small and efficient. My daughter just loves it... I can say it's basic beginner savvy.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is amazing! Easy to use, great tablet to use for skyping. I don't have any trouble with this tablet when using it overseas, clear video call from here in states to overseas!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Like the price and this a great kindle. great value!	USB-C Charging Cable
We are glad we bought this great for movies and everyday games	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet performs as well or better as any other tablet for a great price, no issues or complaints whatsoever!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great little tablet. It was a little difficult to learn how to navigate through different apps at first, but overall very pleased!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great value for a tablet. Was a gift for dad in his fifties and it is simple enough for him to use and play word games and watch Netflix and stuff. Got it on sale for $39 which was a steal. I should have gotten another one for that price . Best Buy always has great prices and selections especially when they go on sale. Dad loves his Amazon tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
I can't say enough great things about the Fire HD. At it's low cost you can still do almost everything a $600 IPAD can do. If you want a great tablet at a low cost look no further than Amazon Kindle Fire's.	Flatscreen TV
Amazing! The tablet is everything the kids wanted! It not only helps with learning. But my oldest son got college text books on it! Great product	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves this tablet for apps & games. Its perfect for kids & includes the ability to read which is great. Great price!	Lightning Charging Cable
Pros: This tablet is great for its price, has good battery life and it is resistant enough for daily use. Cons: The operating sistem is limited to only downloading apps from the Amazon App Store and the screen resolution is no that great.	Lightning Charging Cable
The price is great. My granddaughter loves it. Thanks.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is worth the money you spend. If you looking for your first tablet go ahead and buy it.. You will not regret	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my grand-daughter as a replacement for her Toshiba pad--same size and features. Seems to work as well or better. Small cost and Best Buy has inexpensive add'l warranty.	Wired Headphones
i Haven't used by new kindle very much yet. You need 50 characters. I don't have that much to say.	Lightning Charging Cable
good for the price, speaker works ok. better with headphones	Lightning Charging Cable
Love it, great buy, use it all the time. Yes I would buy it again	Lightning Charging Cable
This is our 3rd Kindle. We have 2 fires and one kids fire	Wired Headphones
Bought these for my 4 & 5 year Olds so I wasn't expecting top of the line performance, especially for 39 bucks. Pros- Good clarity Easy to useCheapExpandable storage with SD cardCons-Slow down loadsCheap camera (as expected)No mic for voice recognition. Would have been great for the kids to Google search.	27in FHD Monitor
Has great abilty to perform at high levels e as sy to operate . Very simple technology	iPhone
It was brought for my 67 yr old dad.....and he loves it.....	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm not happy with It, you get what you pay for I will never buy it again.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is the best $50 I have ever spent. This tablet is worth so much more.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchase two of this tablets and I have to say I haven't had any issues with them. Perfect for kids.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for everday use and the screen has nice resultion	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My granddaughter loves this. She was using my old smart phone to get online, but then I got this and she loves the bigger screen and it is easy to use for a six year old.	iPhone
Good table for the kids haven't had any issues. Love it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
We were looking for a good tablet at an affordable price. This one has definitely met our expectations and we hope to use it for a long time!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was happy with the product. I couldn't pass up on the price and also it runs very nicely.	Wired Headphones
Its a great tablet for the price. I bought one for my wife and one for my daughter.	Lightning Charging Cable
MY KID LOVES IT. I LIKE IT BECAUSE I GET NOTIFIED OF EVERY SINGLE GAME HE IS PLAYING ONCE THE TABLET IS BEING REGISTER.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchase this kindle for father's day and my uncle loves it	27in FHD Monitor
Can't go wrong, for the price. I would certainly buy another one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this case for my daughter's Fire. Solid build and good function. Using it as a fold out stand is a little quirky but I wasn't looking to use it for that anyway. Not sure about the overall protection, but hey - it's for a very cheap tablet.	Flatscreen TV
I bought this few months back. Its really useful which travelling. I connect to Wifi in flights and watch movies. No need to carry laptop. Its really affordable too.	Google Phone
Bought the kids edition, decided to buy one for myself. Great item for streaming movies and checking social media.	Wired Headphones
Ordered 2 of these Amazon Fire tablets for my children (ages 3 & 8) to use primarily for viewing netflix, playing games, listening to music on. Very happy with these tablets, I also ordered the 'amazon freetime kid-proof case' for the tablets and they have made it through 3 months of use and abuse thus far. Highly recommend this tablet if you are looking for one for your child. Parental controls are very easy to use and provide a large number of options as far as limiting applications, time limits for use and curfew options. My children are very rough on these tablets and with the cases on them they have not caused any damage to them at all. Easy to set-up and install apps, decent battery life, decent battery charge time, great picture quality when watching netflix or other streaming media, wifi works very good, lightweight and easy to hold for extended periods of time, intuitive controls and user interface. Would highly recommend this tablet for beginners or children.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I chose this item to as a giveaway for an office raffle. I have the same one at home and I love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
my son enjoy it so much. he is so happy with that tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for our grandson and it was a hit and easy to use!	Lightning Charging Cable
He loves his new tablet! For a thirteen year old he loves it and takes it everywhere.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good solid tablet with ability to use mcSD cards at a great price. Only down side is Amazon interface restricts full android platform.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet because of its size, makes a perfect cheap ereader plus can do lots of other tablet tasks. Highly recommend this for everyone wanting a good cheap tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
Grandson wanted this for birthday and he loved it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I never thought of purchasing it until I viewed it at the store. The sales person was most helpful	Wired Headphones
The processor is very slow. The tablet is great for reading books and ordering stuff from Amazon, but it is really slow opening aps. Pay more to get the better processor.	iPhone
This was a replacement for another fire. It's the best tablet we've had and does everything we need it to. The fact that it's blue is a bonus!	Wired Headphones
much better than previous/first tablet. Has excellent graphics, reasonable fast, and mostly intuitive. Had to add Google, and difficult to add apps that are not in the Amazon store.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very Good product. it works very well, have no troubles with it at all.	Wired Headphones
I got this for my grandson and he loves it.He has not had any problems at all!	Wired Headphones
This is a great buy for what you get. We always buy the low price great quality tablet, Amazon fire, and then get a micro memory card and upgrade the memory so they can download tons of games and videos. I highly recommend this tablet	Wired Headphones
Great value . Just as fast as any $100 tablet . Tons of free app via Amazon underground	iPhone
My granddaughter love her tablet. She loves watching movies, and learning new things.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a very nice product to purchase. They give you 1 year of free stuff from amazon. You can download all kinds of apps. Great tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I enjoy the ease i using the item and the case is perfect	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Decent little tablet at the price won't break the budget if broken.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for my wife to replace her old Fire. She loves the additional new features (camera/video) and the extra memory seems to speed things up for her. Happy wife = happy life....	Wired Headphones
Good intro tablet. 8GB is not much space, but it is a good starter for someone new to a tablet. For those that cannot afford an iPad or similar, this is a step down of course, but its a good introduction.	20in Monitor
Kindle GUI interface works like my Android!! Fast and friendly!! Thank you Best Buy!!! Keep the hits coming!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great value for a tablet. I bought 2 for the kids.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It gets the job done...................Great to buy......	Google Phone
Bought this as a gift for my mother so that she could watch Netflix and hulu while in the hospital. Took her a bit to get used to as she was used to her ipad but overall I like this product. Only drawback is lack of appstore content (namely clash of clans, clash royale, pokemon go, etc)	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Black Friday buy for the family. Good entertainment for the kiddos	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price for a beginner, he is able to use it for games	Flatscreen TV
Bought two of these for my nieces, they are truly enjoying them. just what they asked for.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Still learning how to use this tablet, would have liked a little more direction on how to use it didn't seem to have any paper directions included..Like using this tablet especially to read books, email and facebook.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a tablet under 50$ that performs well and is reliable. A must have.	USB-C Charging Cable
For the money, this tablet is an amazing piece of hardware. Well constructed, good fit and finish, good battery life.BUT putting non-Amazon software on the tablet is a pain, a real pain.I purchased this for my granddaughter and wanted two things, (1) YouTube and (2) Skype. It took about 2 hours to put these two apps on the tablet. In the end, I returned the tablet and purchased an Insignia (BB house brand) tablet instead.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very happy with tablet. Easy to use. Hooks up to WiFi immediately	USB-C Charging Cable
Enjoy my tablet. Easy to carry in purse. It was a great buy. Love reading from it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
great ultracheap tablet from brand you can trust! buy two!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my 7 year old son & he loves it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon products are always good as expected. And I am totally satisfied with my purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Fast set up. Long battery life. Lots of options books. Music. Games..	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my fire i have always wanted one for when I read	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this as a gift on father's day weekend and he loved it. It's a simple tablet that does everything it's supposed to, excellently. Perfect for reading and watching video and movies. Would recommend if you're not looking for anything too powerful.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
like this to stream.. but would be nice to have kodi support without hacks	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I had an old (non-backlit) Kindle and loved it. When this one went on sale I bought one for my son (an avid reader like me) and he liked it so much I bought one for my wife next time it went on sale. I was going to get one for myself but the sale ended. I forgot about it, just kept using my old Kindle. Then lo and behold it went on sale again so I ran out and finally got one for myself. Keep in mind my primary use of it is as an e-reader and for that I can't imagine a better device. I can also pop online and check my email etc but I only do that when I'm on a secure WIFI (e.g. at home or a friends; I don't use hotel etc even if there is a 'password' because shared WIFI's are insecure). So for $40 it can't be beat."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I ended up returning this tablet. For the price, $40, the tablet performed very well. However, if you have the money, do yourself a favor and step out of the Amazon lineup. The iPads are great, in my opinion the best, but they cost $$$$. From what I've experienced, the Samsung Tab A line is a solid tablet for a $$ budget. You can often find one on sale for ~$150 and its a pretty good bang-for-the buck.If the money is your ONLY concern, then this will probably work well enough for you.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i purchased the fire for my self to play games and surf the web. then my husband took my fire so i purchased one for him.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this as a gift for my father to use to replace his now dated Sony e-reader, and he loves it. He loves the fact it has a back light and can be read in the dark, and even said he reads way faster on it than before. He no longer falls asleep while reading. As an added bonus he's able to check the ESPN app and more. What a great affordable buy!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good Device and easy to use it has Amazon - Fire system which make easy use for Amazon account.	Wired Headphones
Great product for playing games and watching movies on the go.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this tablet for my nice i really like it but i really dislike the fact that you have to be sing in into store in order to use apps	Wired Headphones
I purchased a Fire in November 2015 holiday sale. I have been enjoying my Fire. A parent of mine purchased a Kindle when the device first came out. I persuaded my parent to buy an updated Kindle because of all the updates in 5 years time. Now she has to learn the newer technology.	20in Monitor
This is a good tablet for the price it does everything that i need to do except take pictures but that's not what i bought it for	Lightning Charging Cable
My previous tablet was a Samsung, it was great but it was exactly like my phone. If you love to read, the kindle fire is the perfect device. So far I have had no problems downloading and the battery lasts longer than expected, especially of you read as much as me. Also the picture quality is better than most tablets I've owned.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this for my Dad so he can easily check email and have an electronic photo album of the family. Does exactly what we needed it to do. Moved a lot of the standard desktop icons into one folder to reduce clutter. Overall, a good purchase.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the price. Good size and great value.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the 3rd kindle fire I've purchased, the first HD in this size. I like the specs, the speed at which apps and books download from Amazon, and the accessibility of free time for my younger sons. Definitely a worthwhile purchase and I am also an Apple user.	USB-C Charging Cable
This item, the Amazon Fire tablet, is a great buy for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my mother in law as her first tablet, she loves it! Great value.	Google Phone
The power of battery lasts longer than any tablets.	27in FHD Monitor
I wanted this tablet for reading books, checking e-ail and playing the occasional game. It works very well. I have also found the camera very convenient.	Google Phone
Good tablet simple to use and easy to learn and also great price	ThinkPad Laptop
Overall am very happy with the purchase. Both Quality and price made this hard to resist.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
good reliable tablet will recommend to others.not expensive at all.	Lightning Charging Cable
A wonderful product for those who are not on the apple hype train. Easy to use and the price was on point. Expandable memory really makes this a million times better than the baser iPads	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought a digiland for the same price and had too many issues! Bought this for my daughter who is 9 and she uses it with ease. My son has also had one since January 2016 and no problems.	20in Monitor
I bought two one for my son and one for me. Great tablet, at a reasonable price.	Wired Headphones
This is a great buy I would recommend to anyone looking for a tablet.Plus a year free of Amazon prime	34in Ultrawide Monitor
What a deal, this tablet has all you need to get basic things accomplished and enough power to complete more difficult tasks. Highly recommended for the price, value	iPhone
Purchased as a gift for my 10 year old and she loves it. Perfect size, detailed graphics, good battery life for those long road trips, and a SD card slot is a sweet bonus.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's small enough for my daughter to carry around. She loved it.	20in Monitor
WE NEVER PUT THEM DOWN...HAVE LOTS OF GREAT GAMES TO PLAY	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Compact , inexpensive , easy to use . I would recommend	iPhone
Bought one, loved it. Bought another so I would have one in the bedroom and the other for living room. Also bought one for my sister.	27in FHD Monitor
I got this tablet to watch movies and stream Netflix and it does it flawlessly. The battery life is not very good but otherwise a great tablet for less than $50.	USB-C Charging Cable
Wanted to connect to Google play store. Limited to Amazon.good for shopping.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet for my ten year old twins. It's a great gift for this age they haven't put it down. No issues yet and easy to navigate through the apps.	Wired Headphones
Love it!!! My amazon prime membership keeps on giving... amazon shopping first, amazon TV next... now now fire tablet.. wow.... free movies and books download... and this tablet can handle it. at lower price point than HD. i was worried about its screen.. but, you know what? it still looks good. i guess when i look at it side by side with my other galaxy tab, i can see the difference. But, when i just watch this, it looks great. I have been watching HD TV for awhile now. So, if it is bad, i will know. this one is still pretty good.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife and I actually bought two of these for our two younger children. I love that they give us control over how much screen time they get, when they're available to be turned on, and when they turn off. As well as when they can play the games after their reading time. Just awesome.	Google Phone
Always wanted something transportable bedsides my phone. This fits in my purse and is readily accessible for travel. Great product for internet accessibility.	Product
"Pretty tangerine color. First tablet had bad earphone jack; Second product would not connect to wifi no matter where we tried. All of our other tablets work fine.We will order another Amazon fire tablet."	Wired Headphones
first Android tablet I have owned and I liked enough to taste the android marketplace and OS. Runs smooth and snappy display. All the Amazon apps, plus you can download the Google Play Store and have a choice between the two. Overall, definitely worth the money and neat media player if nothing else. And can't beat it for the money spent	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the Kindle Fire after I upgraded my primary tablet to a 10 inch. The 10 inch was too big to take to a coffee shop to read or to use outside. This is perfect size. I put a 2gb as card in it to hold my books. I can down load a couple of books and take it on the road.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I purchased a Kindle for my 8 year old son and he loves it!. As long as the wi-fi is working properly, he is able to stream videos perfectly. There is also an option through Amazon that allows the user to download videos to play later. Downloading and playing games is very easy unlike a ""child"" tablet I purchased for him previously. The only negative I would give the Kindle is it may not always have the games/apps that ITunes and Google have but I have not heard any complaints for him! Well worth the money!"	
This is my 4th Fire tablet. They're so affordable, I buy them and end up giving them away to family members.	Wired Headphones
Waited quite a while before buying this Kindle reaader. Weighed it heavily against an iPad. Talked to friends about their experiences with reeaders. The Kindle just seemed l8ike it would do the job I wanted much betterand the price was fantastic. I have beeen pleasantly surprised with what a Kindle can accomplish and how easy it is to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I am still learning how to using it. I use it for Facebook, e-mails,play games on Facebook, eventually I want to be able to use the camera which I haven' t figured out yet. Once do I will be doing a lot of picture taking!☺"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
If you want a good tablet and don't want to spend a lot of money, I recommend this. Well made and reliable. I have one for myself and bought one as a gift.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The Kindle is just great for my mom, who would mostly just read on it and download the bible.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is so awesome and my Niece's and Nephew love theirs	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Lightning fast no but still a great and inexpensive way to get the latest book release and maybe to check the news. Price was unbeatable	Wired Headphones
Perfect size for on-the-go people. Easy to hold. Easy on the eyes. Battery life is excellent.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The movie I got was a good one, and I always buy my movies at Best Buy. They are the best places to go buy movies. And other electronics.	USB-C Charging Cable
Does everything my IPhone does (except make phone calls). with a wifi connection....no plans or extra fees....Facebook, Pandora, Gmail, Internet in addition to downloading books!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a Father's day gift for my dad. He loves it and it's easy to set up and use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The product works great as of now. It arrived as promised	27in FHD Monitor
Bought for my son liked the price. He likes it but had some trouble with screen brightness and resetting it.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is good for the price. Just be aware there is adware that cannot be removed unless you pay Amazon $15. There are other tablets available at a similar price without the adware if you are not interested in Amazon products or services. If you are looking for an Android tablet will be disappointed. This tablet has an Android operating system but it is not available due to the Amazon operating system overriding it. The screen resolution is average. If you are an Amazon user this is a good tablet, otherwise look elsewhere.	27in FHD Monitor
I loved the movies and the tabletPerfect for my purposes. Jbl wireless were greatFor music but wereLacking for phone use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I really enjoy my tablet for reading and my books. Meets all my needs which is online shopping, news and book reading!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love how this works, 5 year old gets around great on her own	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought 4 of these tablets for my 12 yr old Sunday School class to use during our lessons. They love them. The tablets are easy to use and a good size for that age group. Very much worth the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I am impressed at how easy it was to get started. I enjoy all the items that are available.	Google Phone
I use this for my daughters educational apps. She loves it. perfect size for her hands and still big enough for her to enjoy Peppa Pig.	Wired Headphones
Awesome tablet. Performance great. Perfect buy!!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
This is awesome. This item was a gift for my elderly father in law who isn't too tech savvy. Didn't want to spend the big bucks with an iPad so this was a great alternative!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire is best used as a book reader, but having the ability to check mail, surf a bit, etc., is very nice. For the price, it can't be beat.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It is great tablet for the price. The only downside it is a little slow at times.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect if you just want to check email, Facebook, apps - works great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Plenty of capability for e-mail, games and other app's. They each have one now and love them more than the standard tablets.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got my Kindle to play games. Has a lot more that you can do with it. Was easy to set up.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I mostly use this for reading books and its just awesome.. easy to carry and nice clarity..!! Worth the amount spent..!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great Device and Great Value for the price that is paid. Perfect for reading ebooks and general internet activity.	20in Monitor
Nice inexpensive tablet for my kid. I put some movies on it and she was very happy on a 4 hour trip.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I Love Love my Fire, you get way more than you expect from this Fire Tablet, Plug into speakers GREAT Sound, Reading screens are wonderful with the ability to use Night time light, Takes amazing photo's and videos, with good quality sound, SMS access is so easy and you can even receive calls, All search engines are accessble. I am getting My little grandkids each one of these with the great tablet protecter. This tablet is Kid friendly and as a parent you can control EVERYTHING they see. Price is amazing and you get way more than you would expect from a tablet that is so affordable.	Wired Headphones
It works wonders it gets the job done for a cheap one it's really not bad at all for the price	Product
Great device and a GREAT price! Many apps available too!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this Kindle Fire tablet as a gift for one of my grandkids. It has all the features they wanted on a tablet, plus it's so easy to use!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like it. Bought it as a birthday gift for a three year old and they love it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Does what it's supposed to. Fine for reading or watching video. But I was anticipating it having a swype keyboard (my earlier gen kindle has one) and it doesn't. Ended up having to buy a a Bluetooth keyboard so I can use it to type notes at work.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It does everything I need it to do, but the battery life is short lived. I bought it with the intentions to keep my toddler entertained. The battery last about 4 hours, if it runs continuously. If it is intermittent use it lasts about 12 hours. Worth it for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this as a christmas gift for a family member, I've heard nothing but good things about it. Great little tablet for a great price.	Flatscreen TV
I've had my Kindle Fire for a couple of weeks and am really enjoying it. I've been impressed with the processor speed and image quality. No problems playing videos or music. The E-reader app is great and has a lot of easy-to-use features. We paired this with Amazon Prime in order to utilize its functions more fully.	USB-C Charging Cable
I had an older version of the kindle and was starting to have issues with it so decided to look into a new one. The week I decided it was time to look at purchasing a new one it was on sale! That was an added bonus. This is a great improvement over the one I had and it cost considerably less. It's much faster and has a camera.	Wired Headphones
I did not use this product I gave it as a present.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for kids use, not a lot of internal storage so a memory card is useful	Bose SoundSport Headphones
totally satisfied with performance of tablet. I would recommend to friends and family.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my 2 yr old. (For his first experience with plane rides and airport waiting) it was very helpful in keeping him quiet and occupied. It can be a bit slow depending on your wifi connection but not problem enough for me to dislike it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 7 yr. old, for reading, games, and netflix. The only minor annoyance are the ads. Its a little difficult for young new users at first, but she will figure it out! Overall a great purchase!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Another great Amazon product. Simple tablet that does what I need it to.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this for a 5 year old so they'd leave my iPad alone. So happy I did. Easy to use and live that you cad increase memory to	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Tablet was for my 9yr old. It works great. It has good parental controls. It could use a little more memory but well worth the money paid. Ship to store worked perfectly.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great Tablet. We wanted Orange which took a little while to get shipped but came in couple weeks.	20in Monitor
loved it, it is exactly what I needed for my granddaughter she can play unlimited games	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great if sharing between kids. You can set up a timeframe for each of how long they should be on it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It has a timer for kids when you set the time you want it on and the off	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet. It's user friendly and has some great features. Great buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought 3 of these for my mom, MIL and 6 year old. All love it. You can not go wrong at all for the price. And it's very sturdy. Love it!	20in Monitor
added more memory downloaded movie and shows to the fire and went on vacation it was perfect, also found out you can download amazon prime movies to watch offline, That is awesome for travel	Wired Headphones
I no longer have to worry about my phone dying on trips. This charges my phone about 4 times. Great product. I highly recommend it.	27in FHD Monitor
I like this a lot for an entry level tablet. I am able to watch videos and set it up to read books. There is some lag at times but nothing too bad. I had to add a memory card because the 8GB is small. Some apps can be downloaded to the memory card but it does optimize itself and will create space on the hard drive. The ads are only on the lock screen, never when using the tablet.	20in Monitor
Can't beat this tablet for the price. Great for reading and basic games. Perfect second tablet for taking places without worrying about all the things that can happen to your more expensive tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought 2 of these for my younger girls for travel. It is great. Only downfall was low storage but that was fixed by adding additional memory card.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought the Amazon Fire Tablet as Christmas gifts for my grandsons, ages 8 and 12. They both liked it. It has a nice size screen for them to play their games on and you can't beat the price. Better than having them play on our expensive cell phones.	iPhone
It's been solid so far. Can get a little glitchy every now and then, the text isn't as high a quality as it could look, and it may bother some people that not all apps from Apple and Google are available on the Amazon App Store. But for the price I think it's a good deal for those who want it more for small stuff like internet browsing, email, music, videos, etc.	Lightning Charging Cable
Tired of by buying iPad's because there's just not enough memory? Look no further! Basically the same apps in the App Store can be found here, but even better - expandable memory storage!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for my 7 year old son. Has all his games and favorites apps installed. Easy navigation user friendly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet mainly to use as an ereader. I now find myself checking emails and surfing the web too. Downloading an app is a simple process and there are lots to choose from. I use Overdrive and borrow books from my public library. I gave it a 4 because it seems a bit slow at times.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The recording quality is very good. I would recommend this product.	USB-C Charging Cable
User friendly even for a non-techie person like my mom.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Tablet does great for its price segment. Very resourcelful and fun for kids.	iPhone
Bought the Amazon Fire tablet to read books and brows the internet. Works well very happy,	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet for my grand daughter and she loves it. She loves playing her princesses games on it. We even got most of her videis on it so she dont have to have internet to watch them.	Wired Headphones
bought product for my 9yr old, it works fine for her,she is constantly on it and so far no compaints	Apple Airpods Headphones
I think that for the price, this product is fantastic. It is more than acceptable for media consumption. I highly recommend it for those on a budget or need a secondary consumption device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my dad and he loves it. He does not do anything too extreme just basic apps. And it handles multiple apps well and for only $50 it was a great value deal. Excellent for games and light activities.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this for my older son to be able to Skype with me over long distance. It is a great tablet and functions well for movies, games, and Skype.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this to replace a dedicated kids tablet (another brand) that had wonderful software but not a replaceable battery. Barely got a year and a half out of the other brand. The price difference between this and the dedicated kids version was largely a software suite subscription so I bought this. Along with her mom we found free and age appropriate software. I loaded up a micro SD card with music and audio stories. Both grand daughters love it, as they are 5 and 3 I bought the bumper to help protect it. It's not in the same league as my Samsung tablet but for 1/8 its cost or 1/6 the cost of the dedicated kid brand it's great.	20in Monitor
I love it! We have them for all our children and they love them	iPhone
This is my 2nd Amazon Fire and I prefer my previous one only because I don't care for all the advertisements that pop up while I'm trying to do things on this one. Otherwise, it has good speed, clear screen, and is easy to navigate.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought one for myself and really liked it.Bought this one for wife, so far shes pleased.perfect size for purse and portability.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought tablet for myself (50 something) Wanted something for travel and easy to store.This was perfect for my needs.Bigger than small screen phone and smaller than computer. I've had no trouble with WiFi or streaming such as hulu or netflix. As mentioned for the price you cant beat it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet and its price for it, it's awesome my kids love it and it keeps them entertained.	Lightning Charging Cable
Personalized to go with my amazon Prime account and inexpensive enough to get 1 for each member of the family. Easily read books, watch movies and powrful enough to go online for shopping and reviews.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Wanted a tablet that was cheap in price but good in quality. This is it. Plays the games they enjoy, e books, you name it. Parents controls are great. You can limit the time they have on different fields. Has help my kids with time management. They know a few minutes here and there can add up quick, or let them play later.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this tablet for convenience and was surprised at how easy it is to use and how well it performs. It downloaded all my information from my paper white tablet and I was able to download e-mail and other important apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet, although small, can pack a huge punch. It holds charge really well. The graphics are very high quality and there are so many amazon apps for the whole family to use. Love it. I use it all the time. Definately a great buy if on a budget.	20in Monitor
I use it mainly when I am traveling to read books, watch movies, listen to music, play games and check email. Works very well and does everything that I need.	20in Monitor
I can play all my games that I play on Facebook and much more.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very affordable. Excellent tablet and comes in different colors	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So easy to read books from and play my different games that I enjoy. The set up was really easy did take a little while to get it going but probably more my fault than otherwise.	iPhone
Didn't like the return policy on this item. I couldn't purchase insurance on it in the store.	iPhone
This Kindle Fire is very easy to use and has so many apps. Love it!	ThinkPad Laptop
I got this so my son would have something to watch movies on while on a long car trip. It does that, barely. The $50 I spent for it was worth it. If you get an SD card for it you can load and watch movies. The Wi-Fi sucks and it sometimes doesn't stream movies from Netflix. Forget about YouTube.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this to replace my kindle white and it's very good	USB-C Charging Cable
Good tablet for kidsand for adults.Does the job ...	iPhone
The many features make this an ideal tablet purchase.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Affordable price awesome quality I love my Amazon fire tablet	27in FHD Monitor
This is a perfect tablet for my 9 year old daughter we weren't looking to spend a whole lot of money since she has broke two already. The only thing I wish you could change is the home screen you can't customize it like most tablets but other than that great speed the camera is ok and the battery life is great.	Google Phone
my kids love the games and browsing the web, perfect for a gift.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I still haven't used the camera, once I figure it out I will use it. I love the features on it. I use it for facebook mostly & emails. I also play some of the games on facebook.☺"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Wonderful, it is for a toddler and a four year old, also a seven year old boy.They love it. A lot of the games I put on are educational.The toddler and the four year old like the puzzles and ballon poppingGames. The seven year old likes thinking games, so they are all happy.So am I.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome device!! I used to have an iPad mini and really expected to be disappointed by the fire. I'm not. Not at all. It is great and does everything I want it to do.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was given as a gift. The recipient is thoroughly happy. It is something he has wanted for awhile, mostly because his siblings have one too.	Flatscreen TV
Don't let the 8GB prevent you from buying this Amazon tablet! Once you insert a Micro SD card, the tablet literally saves everything to the Micro SD. Be sure to get a screen protector if you plan on letting little kids play with it because the screen isn't as scratch resistant as an iPad or a Samsung Galaxy Tab. For Forty bucks, you just can't find a better value and with Amazon Underground, you can get a bunch of free apps which also include free in-app purchases... yup all the coins and tokens and gems and whatever else you want for free! Note that this thing comes with ads... but they only appear on the lock-screen and actually aren't that bad. They are nicely designed and don't make your lock screen look janky. Other than that, you'll want to have a PRIME membership so you can take advantage of the PRIME videos and what not. I recommend getting at least 32GB Micro SD (I believe it supports up to 128GB) to store pictures, videos, music etc... obviously get a larger capacity card if you're a download junkie.The pictures it takes are OK... good enough for viewing on a screen, but don't expect to be printing high quality pics with them.Screen quality is pretty good... not sharp and crisp like a Retina screen, but I was able to read my Kindle books just fine. The viewing angle is also decent and won't make you feel cross-eyed like some cheaper tablets out there.Battery Life is very good on this tiny tablet... something like 4-5 hours with normal use. Videos and Games will probably drain the battery faster than anything else, but it runs every game I've thrown at it so far.If you have kids, the Free-Time app is very cool... you have to pay a small subscription (like 2 bucks a month or something with PRIME) but it gives the kids access to a whole bunch of curated content, games, movies etc. just for the little ones so they don't mess with other apps or get into things your stuff.Well, that's all I can think of... this is a great little tablet of pretty good build and quality... if you're paranoid about scratches and dents get a case and screen protector and you're golden.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
You cannot download any other internet service you're subject to very limited options to do things on it wish I could not have bought it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My 10 year old absolutely loves his fire. He can download his favorite games as well as his favorite books to read.	Flatscreen TV
I bought two of these tablets, one for my daughter's graduation and one for me. I like the size, the sound and picture/movie quality of it. It was a great price and the option to choose different colors were nice.. I didn't give it 5 stars for the simple fact I can't get all of my important apps that I used on my android tablet, ex. one of my credit unions, favorite news station and a few others. Other than that, not too bad for the price and other features I named previously.	USB-C Charging Cable
I would recommend this tablet to anyone that is interested in one. It is just as good as a Samsung one and half the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
The quality is awesome for the price. Amazon products are always cool.	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids are growing out of their ipod touch and I wanted to get them something bigger. The kindle fire tablet is such a great deal so it was a no brainer to get all three of my kids one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We actually bought this for my son as a replacement tablet. He likes it but does not like the fact that not every game that is available in the google play store is available on this one. Overall it is a great tablet. Works quickly and he enjoys it.	Wired Headphones
Bought this item for my son and he loves it it works great for movies and games that he likes to play its the perfect size for a toddler ! Can't beat the price or how great it works	Lightning Charging Cable
Pretty good tablet not great but still solid for the price	20in Monitor
"Not bad, especially for the price. Mine had one dead pixel in a prominent place that was pretty annoying. I ended up returning it and buying a 10.1"" Lenovo tablet."	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a gift for my girlfriend a she loves it wow	ThinkPad Laptop
I understand you get what you pay for but come on Amazon. You make millions a day and you allow this product to be on your lineup. The only thing this tablet is good for is collecting dust. In my opinion, if any company is going to integrate the AndroidOS at least make it user friendly and 100% open. It's basically like purchasing half of a device or a demo device.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought it for my students to use. It is not a great resolution but it's great for reading books.	USB-C Charging Cable
After searching online for the best price, I found this on bestbuy.com. I ordered it and picked it up at our local Best Buy the same day. Great product at a great price.	Vareebadd Phone
This was bought for my daughter and it works great with her but I wouldn't recommend it for anything intense.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is easy to use and fun to download apps with. I spend many hours on my kindle fire 7 reading and playing games and going online.	27in FHD Monitor
Great value for the price. Not as user friendly as the original Kindle Fire but still a good starter tablet for those that are less tech savvy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tablet was ok when it worked. Seemed to always have to reset our Wi-Fi at home for this one item. Everything else worked fine.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This certainly isn't the most impressive device out there, but at $40 it is a fantastic value.	Apple Airpods Headphones
OK, let's face it. Kindles are not the fastest nor do they come with a quad core processor. But they are great for simple reading and light web browsing. But for 39.99 on sale it was a steal. Thanks Best Buy!	ThinkPad Laptop
This was a graduation gift to my son, who is going to the 6th grade! He loves it, and so do I! He had a Samsung galaxy Tab and he loves the speed of the Kindle tablet!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I've had amazon tablets in the past and this is the far worst I've bought. It was slow, drained the battery, kicking me out of the apps all the time.	Google Phone
Great little tablet....does everything I wanted it to do. It's a breeze to get online and check email.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a cheaper alternative for using with kids. Battery lasts longer than most tablets, the reason why I gave this such a mediocre rating is because you can't put a wallpaper for the lock screen. You always have an ad for something Amazon related, which can be annoying. But if it's just something small for the kiddos to use, good choice. I wouldn't recommend for adults.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for beginners. Small for little hands. My 9 year old son loves it. He can read books on it. The video quality is great.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the tablet . now i have time to catch up with my reading and tv shows and also facebook and magazines	Lightning Charging Cable
This by far is one of the greatest tablets out there for kids. Cost is affordable and there is a lot for them to do. Keeps my 8 year old busy in drs offices. Lightweight and easy to use.	Product
Excellent product. Can get some apps that the fire stick and Roku 3 can not. Of course this is a small screen but offers more flexibility than just streaming. Its a computer, kindle and mobile device all in one.	iPhone
I bought one for both my kids and they love it. We are very happy with the purchase.	Wired Headphones
The Amazon Fire is perfect for my son. He loves to play games and the app store is easy to use!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great item ! Bought one for my 20 yr old as a Christmas gift . Ended up going back and getting one for my 11 yr old and myself as well. I am not good with electronics & this is easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 11 year old nephew actually had a tablet before I bought the kindle for his graduation. Now he only uses the kindle.	27in FHD Monitor
Excellent price and recommendable for kids & family...	Wired Headphones
Bought the tablet for my kids and they love it. I think it's prefect for them. It's a little bulky but perfect for them.	
I got this tablet for my 20 month old son. He constantly wants my phone or iPad to watch YouTube kids videos. He can work both of these apple devices all on his own. I figured he was ready for his own tablet, hoping he'd leave mine alone. No luck. The Fire is not as user-friendly as my iPhone. Even on the child setting it is not easy to use. The surface is not as responsive to touch. He gets frustrated with it and puts it down after a few minutes of trying. Now his daddy uses it and he still goes after my iPad and phone. If you want a tablet for your toddler, just get an iPad.	Google Phone
I thought I would get the fire as a back up tab for my grand daughters. Well, in my opinion it's a little more confusing to navigate around than just a plain android tablet. So if, like me you are an android lurana566, this is a bit different to operate.	27in FHD Monitor
This was a gift for my daughter and her first tablet. She likes it and is Learning how to use it with the help of her son.It is easy to handle and the size is easy to carry with her.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy set up. Great features. Can't beat the price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love this Kindle -It's a great size for travel as I can read it or check my emails or play games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am more interested in Kindles for learning apps, and all educational books for adults & children (all ages).	Macbook Pro Laptop
Has a timer for how long your kids can be on the tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a nice, cheap little tablet. It's simple but for the price I don't have too many complaintsSome things I've noticed though is that the battery life is very short and appears to drain battery even when not in use. I find it difficult to cut and paste text and I'm not sure how or if you can save pics to the gallery. This tablet is best for streaming media and simple browsing.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got it for my daughter to use for entertainment and she uses it everyday	Google Phone
I have looked at getting a Kindle for over a year and have looked at the specs and also other tablets. I enjoy reading and when traveling have to pack 4-6 books when I cruise. I decided to get the Kindle Fire - great price and get it a try. I love it and will someday upgrade to a larger model. Have read 5 books all ready and have 30 more waiting to be read. Great one to start using an ereader.	Wired Headphones
the kindle fire tablet was easy to use and very simple to set up. Great tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This feels flimsier than my 2 year old kindle fire but it does what it needs to for me--store books. I especially like the blue shade feature for night reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My Grand daughter that is 7yrs old learned how to shoot videos of her younger sister very quickly with this tablet. It is easy to use and very durable, even for kids. I was very happy that I purchased 2 tablets. One for each of my grand daughters. They were very affordable too.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was needing an additional streaming device for Spotify. This handles exactly what I need.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the second fire tablet I've purchased. I got this one for my son for his birthday and I have one for myself. For the price, there simply isn't a better option!	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it . It works well and very easy to understand.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter has a great time reading and researching and playing games on this.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect for traveling! wow they have lots of aps now glade I bought it.	Wired Headphones
Pretty cool little tablet, worked fast, had free games, lots of cool features, a camera, overall it was a pretty great tablet especially for how cheap it is.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for children, nonexpensive very durable easy to use	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this as a gift for a friend who really just wanted to have a device to play games. It was perfect for him. He can do so much more with this tablet. It is a great tablet for the price!	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablet is small and a great tool for road trip with the kids. It keeps them entertained and is small enough for them to carry in a small backpack.	USB-C Charging Cable
We purchased this tablet for my Grandfather and it works great for his use cases:Light web browsingNetflixEmail	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my child and she loves it it does everything she wants it to do and more	Wired Headphones
It is best for kids without any cell phone!!Great features!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got this as a gift for a student and they loved it! very responsive and easy to add apps to, just buy expandable memory and it was good to go!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is a lot more then I was after. I can watch my Netfix and do more	Wired Headphones
I wanted a tablet for easy internet access and an e-reader.This is easy to use and has exceeded my expectations.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my 6 year old nephew and he loves it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Bought it for my nephew and he loves it;his old one was slow and the space for bigger apps was limited.Good parental controls."	USB-C Charging Cable
Will Suggest this tablet to my friends. Yes I would suggest this product to my friends. I will purchase some for Christmas Gifts.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
For the functionality and price it can't be beat. Why pay more for a sub par off band tablet when you can get a trusted brand. Makes a great gift especially for little ones and you don't break the bank.	Wired Headphones
Bought this as a gift for a child. They love it for playing games and watching videos.	27in FHD Monitor
I think it's a good starter tablet for a child. It makes it a lot easier to monitor your child while online.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to navigate. There's not anything new we don't like about it.	Wired Headphones
Really impressed with what this tablet is capable of doing for price. At only 49 dollars it is pretty snappy accessing the internet and playing videos are sharp and clear. Most of the apps I need to use are available and free. It seems to run similar to Android tablets which should be easy for someone familiar with how android operates. This might be for kids to use but it fits with what I need to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good price within batter quality love it works perfectly	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the kindle. Easy to use and lots of free books to read	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Usually, a $50 tablet is some cheap knockoff/no name brand limited capability tablet. For an Amazon tablet, You can't beat the price. If you're an Amazon shopper/user, this'll be a great tablet for your kid, an elderly adult in your care &/or you. For $50 (or less if you catch it on sale), I'll take the ads	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought to replace older Kindle Fire. Perfect for what I need. Use mainly for e-books, apps, web browsing, and streaming occasional movies/shows.	Vareebadd Phone
I have bought many of these tablets for family members and had no complaints	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought it for my son and he has now been using it extensively for the past 2 months. His primary use is to play games and he gets bored with every game soon. So he has to find and download a new one every few days. I occasionally use it to watch some online videos as well. We'd have loved if it were a bit faster but at the price it's not something we can complain about. Overall we are both satisfied with the purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for me. With Prime membership purchase this becomes indispensable. Always have video, games, and instant backup for documents to cloud, cheap enough to be almost disposable, no worries!	Wired Headphones
this great for catching up on facebook or going over email	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this as a present for my grandma for mother's day. She was ecstatic!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
this tablet works great for my 5 year old who likes to watch kid videos. Set parental locks and it works just like any of the 125- 200 dollar tablets.... for $50... my kid is happy and I am happy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet has good response time and multi tasking is seamless as well! Good vivid colors!	Wired Headphones
Great cheap tablet. Even better after you side load the Google Play Store.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This might be the best product that I have ever purchased.	Wired Headphones
I have had this tablet for nearly a month now and so far I love it. Is small for portability, it does what I want it and need it to do. I use it to watch movies/series/shows etc from online apps like amazon prime. The price is unbeatable for this tablet. I am def getting my $ worth out of it. Love it would recommend. Makes for a great gift. the camera isnt all that great but I dont use it to take pics at all.	Lightning Charging Cable
The best tablet I have purchased from Best Buy. Will buy more	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought 2 for birthday presents for boys. They were on sale and a great buy. Going to be used to read on and game playing. Work well. Just wish screens were bigger.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the kindle fire and can do just about anything with free apps!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I've always wanted one to read. Good Features and glass for reading	Vareebadd Phone
We bought several of these and they work great! They are compact and lightweight. They have capability to add additional memory chips, too, to increase GB capacity.	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased Amazon Fire for my son after reading enough reviews about this product. It works ok for e-books but very slow for Internet streaming and downloading. Also, the touch function is not very sensitive which you need to hit the same button couples of time to make it work.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Work perfectly for as a small tablet for checking Facebook and playting games. The screen is so much larger than the phone for easier viewing. It's nice that it can take pictures, but the quality is not up to most phones.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's ok. It does not have all the apps you might be looking for.	Vareebadd Phone
This is a great tablet. My wife, my 4 year old son, and myself all use this. It is so easy to use, my 4 year old shows me all the tricks. Amazon is even easier to use which we really enjoy. I would not recommend the Nuprocase however that I think we got from amazon.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my 8 year old. Very cost effective and lots of fun for him.	iPhone
I would recommend this product to anyone on a budget or who wants something bigger than an Iphone for searching purposes. It does everything my Iphone does. But I wanted a tablet for reading, spotify, netflix, and just the ease of a bigger screen. $40 Bucks why not!?	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a gift. It was a great buy! Lightweight, great look, easy to use, great sound! I would highly recommend this product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased and installed item onto Kindle but am still trying to figure out how storage onto new SD card works. I know it is me, but I think I will have to return to store to get someone to show me how to operate.	27in FHD Monitor
My kids had a good time with the kindle and now I feel like best buy is the best store ever.	Google Phone
I have amazon prime and you really get a value out of this tablet if u have the prime. Reading books is good with it, browsing web, video play, music, casual games, good battery life. Only thing thats not so good are cameras .	USB-C Charging Cable
Besides surfing online, making airfare , hotels, and rental cars reservation's, I am using banking online and able to make payments all my bills to a differents kind of business.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good for watching movies offline but not so good at internet. I also have problems with it deciding I don't have the SD card in and have to take it out and put it back in. Very frustrating!!! The first one I had didn't know the SD card was there after shutting it off. They were great about sending me a new one but now I have to call them back and tell them what is going on now. I prefer to use my old Android tablet. It also won't let me remove the password or I have to take off the free time. I have to call them and see what I can do about that. It is for her and not really for me anyway. Why do I have to have a password for everything? Not too impressed but a really good buy. The ads, when you turn it on, don't bother me at all and was worth saving the $20.	USB-C Charging Cable
like it works for what i need for my son very easy to use and	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very simpl to use, compact, versatile and easy to carry	Wired Headphones
Bought it for my brother and he just loves it also the price is very reasonable. Highly recommended if you just need a regular tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Reasonable for its price. My grandson enjoys using it and has it going all day.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great device for leisure entertainment. I really enjoy the games and applications that allow me to surf the web.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a very good tablet considering the price. While it is locked down a bit through Amazon, it was primarily purchased for a senior citizen. I felt Much better buying this rather than other similarly priced tablets.	27in FHD Monitor
works as i expected... pretty fast and pretty good display as well. i can't complain at all at this price. yes, if you take a look at it side by side with galaxy ($200), this is not as good. But, as long as you use for surfing and quick things like music and games, works great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The products were great. I was able to access the books that I had been craving for.	Google Phone
My son loves his kindle! It was relatively inexpensive and he has dropped it multiple times and not a scratch!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is good for my son, he enjoys using it to play games.	Vareebadd Phone
I love that I can check my text from my watch, rather than pulling my phone out at inappropriate times. It helps me stay organized. There are so many features that are helpful. I reviewed the Apple Watch and I'm glad I choose this one instead, even though I have an iPhone, this watch works for all my needs.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very easy to use and it is very convenient. Makes great gifts for anyone!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is a tablet that cost $50. You get what you pay for. It is not more powerful than an iPad but it is in my opinion more durable and is easier to pack when traveling. I only use mine to watch videos on the road. It does have trouble connecting to certain wifi spots but this hasn't been a problem at any airports gets.The touchscreen lags but once the video starts going there hasn't been a problem. It cost less than the price to fix a broken screen on an iPhone why pass it up.	USB-C Charging Cable
Me and my brother brought this for our mother on Mothers Day. She can't put this thing down, shout out to Amzon for this amazing product.	Vareebadd Phone
If you want any one you don't care about losing get this. It works well with anything you want to do from Netflix to reading or browsing the web. Perfect for travel. If you lose it or it gets stollen oh well you deactivate it on amazon and your out $50. Better then losing a iPad or galaxy tab. You brake it oh well out $50. Great for kids with amazing parental controls built right in.	Google Phone
We are very happy with this tablet. It is much better then the RCA	USB-C Charging Cable
Great stable tablet for kids. Throw in a guard for the tablet and your kid will have the same tablet for months together	Lightning Charging Cable
It allows me to have many apps and still take a good amount of pictures without running out of storage .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for my mother for mother's day. she is retired and loves to play cards on her laptop and read. She doesn't shop a lot and doesn't have internet access at her home. We bought this and my daughter uses our MiFi to download numerous books periodically for her. She has also downloaded numerous games for her to play. She loves having something smaller and so handy at her fingertips when she sits down to take a break during the day.	Wired Headphones
We have this to our kids as their Christmas gift. Not only were the apps good, but you're able to set up separate profiles for each user as well as usage timers so they don't get stuck on it for hours.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My daughter has been enjoying it since her birthday	Wired Headphones
This is a great and functional tablet for a low price.	LG Dryer
My 3 yr. old loves this and is the perfect size for our needs	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought the Fire for my husband to play his games on. He enjoys it, but it's not as fast as he'd like.	Google Phone
My 11 year loves the Amazon Fire. It is user friendly.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Our child has had one for a few years now and his cousin wanted one so we bought one as a gift. Cannot get the two of them to put them down.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I really like the Amazon Fire 7"" Tablet. I would recommend it."	Google Phone
What can I say? The Amazon Fire is a great tablet . The price is fantastic . Good size . Does the job . Great deal at Best Buy	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a really good product, super fast and great screen, would buy it again!	iPhone
A great beginner to experience tablet users. Even though its amazon, you can still get through the net to google.	Lightning Charging Cable
"Same great reliable tablet as the three other Fire 7"" tablets I purchased previously for my kids. Now we can actually tell them apart! The tablets, I mean."	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought the Fire as a gift for a friend who loves to play games. This is the perfect size and functions well for his purpose and more. This is a great tablet for the price!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is a great starter for a low cost!!!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bough this tablet for my father and he loves it. It's pretty simple for him to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
My mom was perfectly happy with it, very user friendly for someone who is not really tech savvy.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great tables for browsing the net, reading or listening to music. However when moving to video apps like YouTube, crunchyroll (to name a few) the video will either not play or the app won't show on the home screen. You have to do with videos provided by Bing.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
You will get your money worth. Great to carry anywhere	AA Batteries (4-pack)
One of the best and most price efficient tablets out there	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my daughter after having previously used a kindle fire hd 7. This kindle was the perfect size for her and she cannot stop reading books off of it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"Pros: - A beefy machine for the price;- Great battery management in standby.- a solidly built android tab at a rock bottom price. Cons:- Proprietory Amazon user interface may be irritating but this is a personal preference- The app selection is limiting. But you can install google play and get all you need from there. - Brightness and resolution may not be the greatest but completely usable - a compromise for the low price- had some wi-fi issues on several occasions (compatibility issues?). It is a little weak, also-7"" may be a bit small and aspect ratio is a bit weird (long an narrow)Overall, a reasonable tab that does the job done (not many games, though) for a minimal investment"	Lightning Charging Cable
i originally purchased for 3 year old and it is great especially at this price i love the free amazon apps and the clarity of the tablet i just dont like the app arrangement and slideview app type	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a super deal! I love my Kindle and can't believe I got a tablet so inexpensive.	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the price I was skeptical, but this thing can do everything!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a decent tablet, but keep the following in mind:- if you get this for your kids to share your amazon prime account for video and game apps, you have to lock it to prevent accidental purchases. Problem is that this prevents free app and video purchases, and you have to okay every thing they do. - if you allow them access to apps and video, then that can purchase anything without limits.On top of this, they lock out the google app store and refuse to even allow access to google drive. While you can hack it to add these basic features, you will need a modicum of technical knowledge to do so.So, it's useful, but a pain too. Your needs may vary.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is awesome for the price point! Read, play games, consume media, surf the Web... and all for around 50 bucks! It's easy to set up and easy to use. Nice cameras and expandable memory round out the package.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased to use as a kiosk for an app. Great value.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's no iPad, but it's also dirt cheap. A great rough and tumble tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet was purchased for a present. It is the second one that I have purchased.	iPhone
My kids use the tablet and it works very well. They love it. They take it with them during travel too.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's a very useful tablet. Did not have any problem since bought. Works out of country too and during travel.	Google Phone
Very kool watch all your Tv shows and movies we must Tell the humans	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great Deal for An Entry Amazon tablet. Unbeatable entry level tablet for use in the Amazon eco system.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my 6 yr old, she does everything on it, tech savy son set up parental limits on tablet, love that, it does run kind of slow when trying to watch a movie.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I found the color my kid loved. Great kindle only costed $39.99. Fast and responsive. Crystal clear display	20in Monitor
This is perfect cause my nephew is more calm.. this tablet is awesome. He loves it.	Wired Headphones
Had the HD Fire 6 and was disappointed that it did not have an SD slot. This one has the slot and has worked flawlessly. My kids love it. I bought 3 of them.	USB-C Charging Cable
"This version of kindle was not very impressive to me. Navigating was easier on my older kindle, this model is smaller. Also I have had an issue with charging on this device since I purchased it. When it does accept the charge it will charge to 100% rather quickly, however the battery life dies out so much faster as well. At times when I am using I will try to keep the charger connected due to this problem however it is constantly making a ""ding"" noise off and on as the charger connection does not fit well & keeps falling out. I even purchased another charger to see if this would alleviate the issue, it did not."	Wired Headphones
Purchased as a reward for perfect attendance for middle school students. This was just what we (and they) wanted.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I got this so that I could read books on it that I didn't have an actual book version of. I like it because I am able to take it with me on trips and occupy myself that way. Also, I am able to have my daughter read books on it too. The battery life is great and I have just purchased another one for my fiancé.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is probably the best bank for your buck. Skip a fancy dinner and get the Amazon fire you wont go wrong.	iPhone
This tablet is okay for moderate use. Mine tends to lag while playing games or surfing the internet..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its good for the price. Amazon store is not as huge as Android play store	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
gave as a gift along with the cover. person seemed to like it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was attracted by the low price and bought this item spontaneously when strolling at a BestBuy store - perfect ereader / tablet, although an e-ink screen type is more pleasant for your eyes. Nevertheless for short readings it is OK.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a gift for my daughter. She wanted it to catch up on reading some books. Being able to browse the web was an added plus.	USB-C Charging Cable
At first I thought is was going to be great because of all the apps it had. Late I discover that all of those great apps I felt in love with needed to be purchased and pay a membership. Even though it was good for a first time tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect for checking emails. Small, but not too small to watch my favorite shows/movies!! Would highly recommend!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This keyboard works as a case as well for your ipad and when attached seems just like a net book...I really like it I think I will end up buying another for the mini ipad...	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love mine so much I bought my grandkids all one.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I had purchased a tablet for my son as s Christmas gift and he loved it, he let me use it and I loved it, especially since I have problems with my hands. This tablet proved to be the best thing for me. My experience with Best Buy is the best choice I could make on my tablet. The staff is fantastic, they helped me to get the basics down pat, you can add me to your list of return consumers.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This really isn't a very good tablet by any measure other than bang for your buck. I bought this for about $35 just to kill time on a couple of long flights so I didn't wear out the battery on my phone. I definitely wouldn't recommend using this for reading as the screen resolution is really below average and be tough to look at. I only used it to read some comics and play games on a screen bigger than a phone so I got what I wanted out of it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was looking for a small tablet for the front room to run my Sonos speakers. This works great. Just keep it right next to my chair and don't have to remember my phone or ipad	Apple Airpods Headphones
...browse. Buy a good case as this might slip thru your hands and fall.	27in FHD Monitor
Got Fire tablet as an experiment. It was low cost and very compact but still and edge over my smart phone as far as screen size. Unit has worked flawlessly and has require minimum attention, but does a good job on email and recreational browsing.	Wired Headphones
Bought this as a mothers day gift for mother in law she loves it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great price and easy to set up. Already read 4 books on my new fire. Graphics quality is pretty good too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product to download movies/TV shows to watch offline.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was purchased for a infant who loves to watch Disney cartoons on YouTube, it works for what it's used for.	Google Phone
I bought this for my mom for Mother's day. It is easy to use and she likes to play games and read books with it. You can do lots more as well. This is a great product for a nice price.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the third kindle fire that I have purchased so it is obvious that we absolutely love them. Now all three grandsons have one and they are on them constantly. Excellent gift for any age.	27in FHD Monitor
I love this tablet. It is easy to use. With him is very easy to travel	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet fulfills my needs at a great price! Love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased Amazon Fire 7 from Best Buy because it was on sale and I had rewards points from a previous purchase. The Kindle works great, replace another one that would no longer hold a charge for any length of time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my grandson who is four and he can operate it like a champ	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Does what I wanted and then more. I would recommend this to others.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Fire is great for me. I do a lot of reading and now have WiFi abilities to get more books directly onto the system.	27in FHD Monitor
Fire is all that I was hoping for and much more...	iPhone
I love my Kindle. It does everything I need it to do and then some.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this tablet for my daughter. I wanted something inexpensive but quality for her. You couldn't beat the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My diss love their tablets. We had tried another brand but Kept having problems. Have not had any probls with these.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle I currently have is pretty nice. I did however have to send my first one back as it stopped working after 17 days. Awesomely though, Best Buy shipped me a new one free of charge even though it was past the 15 day return policy.	iPhone
Bought for a gift, very good for a young child easy to operate	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great first tablet or just a great tablet in general.	Wired Headphones
Everything I was looking for! My mother needed a larger viewing area than her phone for Internet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My 7 yr old loves it. Easy for him to navigate and understand.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my PCs and they are in constant use, but my new addition to the family, the Amazon Fire tablet, now provides me the convenience and portability that I'd been previously missing. Every time I pick it up and turn it on I experience something new to explore and use. A real winner!	Lightning Charging Cable
Not too expensive and the kids have their own tablet to do stuff they want to do, just use the parental controls. The quality is pretty good too!	USB-C Charging Cable
It's perfect size to take with you any where. It has great color and the sound can get really loud for it's size. There are a number of games, books, videos, movies and apps that you can get on it.... Some of which are free. You can surf the web and also listen to music on it. My son loves his and my mother-in-law loves hers!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this device a lot. Very good battery life and like the fact this is linked to my Amazon account for books and music.	27in FHD Monitor
Great price. Great product. Best product for the money.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Have been reviewing this tablet on amazon for some time. Its an extra for us we keep it in the living room.	27in FHD Monitor
My first purpose was to use the tablet for taking photos cuz the boyfriend got a new Samsung. This item was in the right price range and I was not aware BestBuy sold the KINDLE FIRE - and was not aware is does more than download books, too. It is much faster to get online WiFI - much better than a pc. I have pleasantly surprised at the many uses the Fire has. I have found myself playing games on it & normally I do not play any on the PC - so if I am watching tv, I can sit here with inexpensive entertainment. Light weight, easy to carry, quick to use for camera(all kinds of settings-who knew) - Right price. Great for sending and receiving email. I suggest getting a 'stylus' for using with keyboard- and one may adjust the 'font' size for easy reading - Enjoy!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 5 year old to watch movies on. It does the job but it takes a while just to get Google Play. They tried to block this feature but you can go youtube on how to add it. Other than that I would never buy this for myself but good enough for a kid for movies.	USB-C Charging Cable
This product really helped my father in law hear and have conversations with his daughter who's voice is a higher pitch.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is ok for a kid. I was expecting more because it's a Fire brand.	Lightning Charging Cable
Tablet is great value. I brought two for my kids and they love it. Later I brought one for myself just to have a light entertainment device on the fly. The resolution on the tablet is good but don't expect the resolution of a Samsung or Apple tablet. I like the Amazon interface because you can download certain movies or shows if your a Amazon prime member. I don't think Amazon prime movies or shows are available on non-Amazon tablets so this increases the value. Some people don't like the fact that the locked screen has advertising I think it's great. It's a clever way to bring a product to the market that is affordable, reliable, and built well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this Tablet because it had high reviews, and was at a great price for a first Tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet works well for me. I use it mainly for checking my email instead of having to log in into my computer all the time. I don't have a smartphone so it is perfect for me.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I loved it it was fast and great fun for the kids that cannot put it down	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this & turned around & within minutes of the purchase & before even leaving the store, found out that it would not do what my granddaughter needed. Unfortunately the clerk in electronics had told us it would & found out at the register by that person after she rang it up, that it would not. Need a little more education, I think...	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a great tablet, especially if you're a Prime Member. Only drawback is the ads.	Google Phone
I was looking for a product that was affordable and easy to use, this was the perfect product	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A great tablet for our two youngest kids, at a great price!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for kids and maybe some adults too. I got it for my 7 year old niece and she loves it. Perfect for her books and games.	Google Phone
Easy to set up Plays movies from Amazon Prime with no problem Great tablet for the price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 10-year-old's birthday. It was the perfect price range. It's actually very well suited to a young preteen. He can game and read books without issues.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I just needed something with a front facing camera to allow my grandmother to skype with my son. On sale for $40, a tablet that does that and allows you to stream videos...steal. Technology is a trip.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love it. Does more than just allow me read can go online	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this tablet as a birthday gift and the person loved it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good buy for the price. Easy to surf the web a lot of apps in the App Store	34in Ultrawide Monitor
50 buck will get you this ipad wannabe. Is it awesome? Meh. Will it satisfy your urge for a tablet? Maybe... A good gift? Probably	USB-C Charging Cable
Awesome little tablet for the price. My niece loves it and let's her watch her netflix instead of taking over my tv.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my kindle, it's easy to navigate through the pages and apps. More people friendly than I imagined.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We actually bought these for our summer camp program and the kids love them. They small enough for their hands to carry and they work like a charm. The staff was super helpful.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is an ok tablet. As I am using it, I lose my page quite often and have to go back to find it again. Also, I lose internet connection or am unable to connect at all. For the money, I find it acceptable but not ideal.	Lightning Charging Cable
We actually bought these for summer camp and the kids love them and they work like a charm. The staff was a lot of help.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this tablet just to try out because it's very inexpensive. I say it's great for basic browsing/shopping. As long as you're not expecting optimal performance, this definitely gets the job done.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is okay, I mean it does the job. However, the wifi is really spotty. We even changed the wifi password (based on a YouTube video) to ensure that it works..but it keeps going in and out	iPhone
What a great product! I've never had a tablet before, Very user friendly. Amazed at everything there is on it and all the choices you have that you can apply to it also!	Lightning Charging Cable
We give these out pre-loaded with course material and they are great. With the amount of stuff that we pre-load, printing would be cost prohibitive.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My Kindle fire hd stopped working and I replaced with this. Works well, the picture isn't as clear as the hd, but for the cheap price it is fine	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this in order to read on it while waiting for appointments. I have a larger Samsung which I love but it's bulkier and doesn't fit in my pocketbook. This is the perfect size and battery lasts longer.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product, would recommend it if you need a low budget tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My gift to my grandchildren they are on it 24/7 would recommend this, prices have gone down since I first bought my oldest granddaughter hers	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Exelent shoppin, good product, great price, much better than some that cost up to 100 dollars.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a nice little unit! Very portable and easy to read, or watch movies except in bright sunlight, it is easy to change the tablet light to not bother others in low light conditions	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price the tablet works well. The biggest issue I've had is the battery life length. The battery seems to not last as long as my previous iPad mini.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this for my mother as a gift. she uses mainly Apple products so there was an adjustment to switch over to Amazon apps. If you aren't familiar with Amazon then this may be an adjustment from Google or Apple. Good for beginners and the price. I liked that there was use for additional storage for a Mini-SD so hopefully I can store movies on there for her.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Got this for my mother in law as a christmas gift she loves it	ThinkPad Laptop
This was a gift for my mother and she loves it. Great price!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I absolutely love this tablet! I love the price compared to other tablets on the market. Plus the display looks great! At first I was a bit skeptical about how it ran, or if it was any good, but I actually read a personal review about The Amazon Fire and it seemed like the person had a great time using it. The article was very helpful to me -- if you want to check it out yourself you can read it here http://www.quikrev.com/fire-tablet-7-display-wi-fi-8-gb-includes-special-offers-black/	Vareebadd Phone
Great for the avid reader. Plenty of storage space and fun for basic internet activities.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 9 year old and 4 year old sons love this tablet for games and watching Netflix and Hulu. Great size for them. I like the parental controls and easy to monitor their activity and how much time a day they can use it. Was a great price and able to get one each.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My 7 year old daughter loves this tablet for games and watching Netflix and Hulu. Great size for her. I like the parental controls and easy to monitor her activity and how much time a day she can use it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
For $50 you are getting a quality device that is perfect for web browsing and media streaming.	Wired Headphones
price is right easy to read books onlots of apps available	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet. This was the best one i got	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got 4 of these tablets, one for each of the kids, and they LOVE them! I love that I can set time limits on it and that I could set it up that they have to read for 30 min before they can play on them. I also like that there are a ton of apps and books that are free.	LG Washing Machine
I have tried to get it work& still can't get it to work!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Nice little tablet. Works well for watching movies and listening to music. Internet use and playing some games can create slow response times.	Google Phone
I picked up this tablet, stacking some discounts and codes while on sale for $33 delivered.	USB-C Charging Cable
The parent said she loved the tablet but her son loves it more. He sleeps with it to keep his siblings from touching it. Best gift ever!!!!	27in FHD Monitor
These are all true and they really are up on your reading or browse the Web with this tablet, which offers access to Amazon Underground, so you can download apps and games and discover exciting new entertainment. Front and rear cameras let you capture memorable moments, love love love.	iPhone
Great clarity for a tablet of this price point. Amazon provides a great operating system making it easy to maneuver and web surf. The only thing lacking is the camera not making it good for skyping or taking pictures in poor light. However given the dollar per value you can't beat it. Attractive looks good fit and finish makes it stand out in a sea of choices!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Ok for a kid tablet the size is good you can okly use there apps	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I can't use until I can get the webroot installed...I tried a geek but they wanted $40 to do it...I only paid that much for the tablet. Print is so small I can barely read it...there is probably an adjustment to font size but I don't want to get online without the webroot protection.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product and fits all my needs. Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a tablet for elderly people. They seem to have no problem using it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is ok for kids but the camera is not bright enough.	20in Monitor
This tablet is well constructed and light weight and is more than I expected. The eReader part of it is the best for reading on a screen because of its blue screen feature.	ThinkPad Laptop
I use his as a second screen to watch videos I've edited in my computer. It's fast enough to play a pretty big video file with no hiccups. However, multitasking is very limited.	20in Monitor
I use my tablet for business and am very satisfied with it. It has excellent resolution and I have not experienced slowness. Good product.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this to lay on the coffee table for quick email checks and google searches. If you are looking for something to watch movies on or simple tasks, then it will do ok. Not a daily driver for sure.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I really love my kindle fire. It's my second one. It's convenient and has so many functions.	Flatscreen TV
A great little tablet for the price. Works well. A gift for my wife to read e-books on but surfs the Internet nicely too.	27in FHD Monitor
It's a great product price is right and a good size not bulky,just wish could get Google on it	27in FHD Monitor
Good tablet for reading books and magazines. I like the tablet.	Wired Headphones
I bought this to control devices in my home (i.e. Phillips Hue lights and Harmony logitech remote). It is a great tablet for the price and easy to use.	27in FHD Monitor
It is good for kids. Biggest drawback is the battery life. It doesn't seem to last as long. I wouldn't buy it for general day to day use or for anything more than playing games etc. Get the HD for those reasons.	
Gave as a gift and the individual was excited. I would recommend this for anyone interested in having Wi-Fi.	Google Phone
I bought this for my mom and she loves it. I would reccommend .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love that it has a clear picture and great volume.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my mom. It works perfectly for Facebook, games and email.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet worked great for keeping in touch in with my wife's mother up north. Very easy to operate.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great online experience. Thanks for making it easy for older people so they can understand what to do. Awesome buy and it was awesome to shop at home. THANKS, Best Buy. Queenie	Flatscreen TV
The tablet is great has a lot of great features like access to kindle books and apps.	Flatscreen TV
I haven't paid much attention to the Fire since the very first one out years back. But recently I purchased an Amazon Echo which I am thoroughly enjoying. And I discovered that my Echo was capable of 'voice casting.' This basically means that whatever Alexa is saying can show up as text or pictures on a screen (recipe or weather map, for example) and you can then print it out! So I wanted to explore voice casting and the easiest way to do that is with an Amazon Fire. What a deal! $50 for the most recent version that boasts all manner of things. I even get free movies! So I purchased a case for the Fire that would work as an easel stand, set it up as a photo frame displaying a rotating series of my digital photos, and whenever I want to I can voice cast from my Amazon Echo! Playing a music album? I can see the album cover and list of songs on my Fire. Checking what's playing at which movie theater when? I can voice cast that info so everyone can see it and vote. And we haven't even talked about using the Fire as an easy go-to for email or games!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great great great great great great great great tablet.	Flatscreen TV
This little device is great. It has a quick set up and easy instructions	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Can't beat the price on these tablets. They are a wonderful tablet for the money.	Flatscreen TV
great item and at a great price. love using it daily.	iPhone
This is my second kindle fire I have purchased for myself and a family member. Great tablet, easy to use, light weight and a great price.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my second fire tablet so I knew that this product would do all I needed plus the newer version had some extras like a camera. Works great for me.	Lightning Charging Cable
Thos works great for surfing the web and playing games, lite and compact	20in Monitor
"This is the best 7"" tablet out there for under $50 - perhaps the best tablet for under $100. It is fast and reliable"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it would recommend it .. Works great and takes really good pic	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet. It's just the perfect gadget for my everyday life.	Google Phone
Good for price, could have bought android tablet but it was no name for the same price. So went with it and my 5 year old really likes it. Just be careful of putting your credit card in. My son charged a bunch of games before I caught it. I thought he was just downloading free apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's a gift for my Mother-in-Law and she's very happy with it!	Macbook Pro Laptop
The Amazon Fire is an okay product with a decent OS and a great price. Reccommend it for kids or the elderly.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'm learning how to use it as I am new to using a tablet..So far I'm able to do what I want to do on it. I know there is more to learn.	Wired Headphones
Very easy to use. Great for putting music on to use with wireless speaker	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought it for my mother. Relatively user friendly for someone not too familiar with smart phones and such. She seems to like it although she complains about the speed and size of the screen at times. She also likes the size though since it can easily fit in a medium to large purse. The touch screen is responsive and it has the essentials that she needs. It feels and looks nice. The App Store is ok for simple use. It's a great price for a simple, beginner, or kids tablet. I would probably purchase something more powerful for my own use.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my new kindle! Purchased on sale for $39.99 which was a great value. Light, compact & super easy to use. A big plus for me was that with this version you can add more memory.	Flatscreen TV
My kids had neither one had a reader or a tablet before. This has been a good choice for them.	Wired Headphones
Still learning but I would like to purchase another one in the near future!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got this for my little niece and she loves it. It's a great value	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought the fire for a reader as a gift. My daughter in laws loves it.	Wired Headphones
Good bang for your buck, as far as a tablet goes, works well camping	Wired Headphones
Kindle I like. This is the fourth one I have bought	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this for my son for occasional use. Was able to download Google Playstore which greatly expands apps availability. No issues with playing games and watching movies. Screen quality is more than acceptable. A solid performer.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought it for my mother-in- law. I am her favorite now she loves it	ThinkPad Laptop
would have been nice to have instructions included	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am happy with this product thus far. I like the size and the screen quality is just okay. I am use to the iPad quality of screen.	USB-C Charging Cable
It work very well my nephew love it this is the second one is brought	Wired Headphones
Fits nicely in my hand. My third Kindle. Granddaughter likes it too.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect little tablet ., inexpensive and perfect size for what I need..	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my mother in a nursing home, and didn't want to take a chance of an expensive tablet getting stolen. The childproof settings are perfect for the situation to prevent random purchases. The buttons for sending email are too small for someone whose eyesight and manual dexterity aren't perfect. It's a bit slow on response time, but for the cheap price, a minor inconvenience in this situation.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet and reader. It does not have a great battery life, but it is charged quickly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I loved the kindle. But it took one small fall about 3 feet and half of the lcd screen broke. It's ruined I knew to be careful but on the first fall on wood floor???	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I brought the particular item for my mother in law who is in her late 70s.This tablet is perfect her to play games, in large view and communicate with the grand kids.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this for my wife her old Kindle fire bite the dust. This unit has better contrast and is easier to use. She loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I have owned a few tablets and currently own an iPad and iPhone. I'm invested in the Amazon ecosystem via Kindle e-readers and Fire TV's. This tablet is incredibly affordable and offers acceptable performance but it's heavily restricted if you do not figure out how to install the Google Play store as the Amazon App Store is missing a huge number of ""every day apps"". It's a great extension for Fire TV's and it's certainly a good choice as a primary tablet for kids or parents who don't have an Apple budget. Personally I still find myself reaching for the iPad."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my daughter she reads a lot she had the reader version for years but went blank	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased as a gift for tech-challenged loved one - setup and quick start very simple and straightforward. Ease of loading lots of free library books alone made it well worth the purchase. However, if you have reservations regarding outdoor glare, I'd recommend trying it out first-hand before buying.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my dad. He had my sister's original Kindle Fire and it died. So for Father's Day, I bought him a new one. He loves it. He loves that it is a tablet and a Kindle in one great bundle!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Works great, camera is not the best indoors, works well outdoors	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works fine with TWC RR Extreme. Better than a Smart Tv.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my 71 year old mother and it's great for someone who doesn't do electronics well. I would highly recommend it for books but there is not a lot of storage so be prepared to buy an SD card.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for the internet... ....Saves my phone battery	USB-C Charging Cable
I love it. I enjoy playing games and reading on it.	Flatscreen TV
Kindle Fire is a decent tablet. The only turn off is the way Amazon has massacred the Android OS and makes it incompatible with chromecast most of the time. It's a great tablet for reading and saving media on the go. Other than the OS, Kindle Fire is a decent buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love everything about the tablet! I would recommend this to a friend	iPhone
Great tablet for beginner, especially with wifi function and ebook purposes	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My Mom wanted a tablet to read on. I bought her the fire and she loves it. It is easy to use and inexpensive	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a basic tab. I bought this for my sister. You can't really do anything much on this unless you have an amazon account and you have to buy a prime membership which is expensive. But I was still able to use it for games and internet browsing. I had difficulty using it for anything more. Camera was not the best.	Lightning Charging Cable
Exactly what I orederd a great product I have ordered 3 of these from Best Buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased Blue unit - parenthesis below is error correction for that review since BB does not allow edit. Good bare bones tablet for anyone if that is all you seek. Do not expect the performance of a $400 tablet for $50. I have wifi & bluetooth going while streaming netflix and it performs fine, no lag on a reliable network. This is an amazon based OS, not a traditional android system.... so it is all geared toward amazon advertising/purchasing and will not let you do much unless you register your device with an amazon account, (*which is linked to and displays any saved credit card/payment data associated with your account. Not very private or secure in my opinion.*) All apps must be obtained from their amazon app store, no google play store which is considerably simpler. There are ways around this of course if you know how. One more thing that is important and it is this... After more than a week, I finally noticed with more use that my screen has 2 spots with dead pixels which show up as solid white dots and cannot be seen unless on a very dark or black screen. After searching & reading online, it seems there are very many reports of these tablets purchased from any source having this issue. Even read someone who purchased a 5 pack and had several units with dead pixels. Test your new tablet right away after buying on a dark screen. You may be fine but it pays to look. I did not overly use my tablet at first and did not notice right away and though I still have the receipt, I already discarded the packaging. I am at the 14 day point today and could have still returned it otherwise, but honestly for all I use it for I am not overly concerned. Still whether 50 or 400 dollars, a brand new item should be free of defects. Again, so far I find it to be a reliable device if a simple bare bones tablet is all you need.	USB-C Charging Cable
good tablet for the price. only drawback is the limited apps for the fire compared to android tablets	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This kindle was a great price. It is easy to work and great for kids.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Made a nice Mother's Day gift.......................	Macbook Pro Laptop
Easy to use,access books,love the apps,clear pict.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I you're a part of the amazon world - i.e. prime. This is incredible for the price - it just works and you can add memory to the 8gb for bringing along videos if you not on the web.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For someone on the go this is ideal for eliminating the hastle of always keeping your phone on a charger. Lasts several days if you have charged it!! Family member goes to school in Canada and always traveling. Ideal for this individual, works phenomenal. Will only take the charger supplied but if an additional is required you may substitute with others out there (ps4) if in a pinch it works.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have no idea why someone would need to pay hundreds for a tablet when they can just get a fire.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet. This is the third Amazon Fire I have purchased. Purchased this for my 4 year old. Got tired of sharing my tablet with her. She has tons of games and watches movies on her tablet. She also takes a lot of pictures. We decided not to get the childrens version as many reviewers stated the parental controls were annoying.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 7 yo and I highly recommend it. You can set a timer for learning activities they have to meet before they can play games. Easy to use and the size is perfect.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is limited in functionality but it gets the job done, especially for the price	Apple Airpods Headphones
Highly recommended to all. Battery is good. A lot of things to do just like any expensive tablet on a cheaper price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good bare bones tablet for anyone if that is all you seek. Do not expect the performance of a $400 tablet for $50. I have wifi & bluetooth going while streaming netflix and it performs fine, no lag on a reliable network. This is an amazon based OS, not a traditional android system.... so it is all geared toward amazon advertising and will not let you do much unless you register your device with an amazon account. It even asks for your credit card, but can be removed afterward. All apps must be obtained from their amazon app store, no google play store which is considerably simpler. There are ways around this of course if you know how. One more thing that is important and it is this... After more than a week, I finally noticed with more use that my screen has 2 spots with dead pixels which show up as solid white dots and cannot be seen unless on a very dark or black screen. After searching & reading online, it seems there are very many reports of these tablets purchased from any source having this issue. Even read someone who purchased a 5 pack and had several units with dead pixels. Test your new tablet right away after buying on a dark screen. You may be fine but it pays to look. I did not overly use my tablet at first and did not notice right away and though I still have the receipt, I already discarded the packaging. I am at the 14 day point today and could have still returned it otherwise, but honestly for all I use it for I am not overly concerned. Still whether 50 or 400 dollars, a brand new item should be free of defects. Again, so far I find it to be a reliable device if a simple bare bones tablet is all you need.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good tablet for the price. Doesn't have great Wi-Fi capabilities but great tablet for on the go and for kids. The 128 MB expansion slot was the selling point. Very happy with it.	27in FHD Monitor
we gave this as a gift to an older person to basically use as an e-reader. so far it has worked great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this for My Mom for downloading books and games, she LOVES it, very easy to set up and use, Great product!!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Nice to listen to music and tv anywere in my home.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great product for price. Holds its own against many in Higher price range. Love it...	Lightning Charging Cable
Practical and economical ok to use, fast and good for everyday use	Lightning Charging Cable
Will recommend this product.Easy to use, fast and efficient	Wired Headphones
Great bang for your buck. Can also be used for all ages.	ThinkPad Laptop
This particular Kindle Fire is simply great for the price. I use it basically for reading ebooks and web news, emails, and streaming movies, as well as playing a few electronic games. It is so compact and lightweight that I can take it with me pretty much everywhere. I don't really use the camera feature since I have a much better, professional grade camera.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a great deal, especially when on sale for $40. Great for letting my kids watch Netflix on with wifi...	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Fire was a perfect gift for my wife. She has not been a big fan of newer electronics in general and needed something compact, affordable and very easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a good tablet for being only 40 bucks usually people have to buy an expensive tablet for it be good.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Throw it in the backseat for long car rides and you're golden	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for my wife for Mother's Day as the screen on her phone was too small! She thoroughly enjoys it and uses it daily! Just what she wanted and needed!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Okay, I think it's okay for a beginner. I would recommend this product too a friend.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Really good small tablet. Small and very convenient. Great visual quality.	Apple Airpods Headphones
very easy to use,and also easy to handle, portable,with a news app. very informative! I would raccomend this tablet to anyone that craves portability. great also for prime members.	Wired Headphones
This item makes a great gift. It's small and very affordable compared to other 7 inch tablets. Navigating the tablet and closing apps are a bit of a learning curve.	Wired Headphones
Very good. My grandson uses it on a daily basis. It is fantastic	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle fire is great. I bought one for my husband when the old kindle quite working, then I bought one for my daughter to replace the iPod she lost. She loves it. I love that you can add extra storage with a mini SD card (something you cannot do on apple devices).	Lightning Charging Cable
I wanted a replacement comparable to my original, and this filled the bill.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Snagged it on sale for $39.95. Then got another discount from accumulated BB points. It's not HD, but I don't find that necessary on a small screen. I like the form factor, fits into coat or jacket pocket. Amazon app store lacks the number of apps of Google store but there are easy ways to install Google apps store. While you can use it for productivity tasks with a compatible keyboard I bought it for my wife to watch youtube and netflix shows on a bigger screen than her iphone. Its wireless signal pickup distance is a bit weak, but the ability to add storage via micro SD is nice. Even at $50 it is a good buy for what it is.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for my kids. They each have one and love them.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great affordable device but does not have allow for android market app downloads and is basically good for simple browsing and games.	Lightning Charging Cable
Battery life great, cameras + touring aps + music aps + radio AP make this a great addition to my Honda Valkyrie for road trips.	Wired Headphones
I love it for reading but, it has issues when searching the Internet at times.	Wired Headphones
Good for the kids or the adult who just needs something for travel.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like what I've done so far. I am pleased with it.easy to use and read.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought it for my 14 year old daughter who is autistic. She had no problems figuring out how to work the tablet. She's on it everyday!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my mom because it is easy to use and she is able to play her games and and keep in contact with her friends and family with social media	USB-C Charging Cable
It's small but gets the job done, I love it cause it fits right in my purse. It holds a charge for days when not in use	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
She loves the size and how easy it is to learn. I only wish they had more options for cases.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very Good Tablet, I bough one for every one of my kids, also I gave one to my friend on his Birthday, is pretty fast and also you can install a MircoSD card in order to increase the capacity to download more games & applications.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my 1.5 years old little sister. I downloaded youtube apps and kids apps on this tablet. She really likes it. Overall very good tablet for beginners in reasonable price.	Wired Headphones
Too slow for me. You tube don't work sometimes. Able to download some books from amazon prime.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It started cutting off and on by itself!!! Its like it had a mind of its own!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I think this is a great tablet. I bought 3 of them. You can't beat this for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Small and lightweight. Easy to use! I can read, search the web or check in on social media on this device.	iPhone
Works well enough but is outstanding for the price, just be wary of the operating system you could poetically download an android emulator that would make this a 4/5 instantly	Wired Headphones
This thing is not half bad for the price. Bought it as a gift for my wife and she loves it.	Google Phone
Bought it for my mom,it's going to be easy for her to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This Tablet is awesome and so Powerful and easy to use	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Decent and simple tablet that gets the job done.Excellent!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The number one aspect of this tablet is the fact that Amazon will stand behind it - for a short while. I am on my 3rd, all of which have been plagued with screen issues. Dead pixels. Everywhere. If you don't have them straight out of the box, great..but, they can develop - and in the great majority of these, they will develop. It is a known issue, and Amazon will (at least for now) replace the tablet at no charge to you. As of now, they have a 'zero dead pixel tolerance policy.' That will likely change (if it hasn't already). As far as operational ability of the tablet, it runs smoothly, and allows for up to a 32gb micro sd card - which I highly recommend, as they are absolutely boiling over with bloatware (if you buy an 8 gig, you'll have about 3.5 available to you). It is a decent tablet for browsing the internet, using as an e-reader (however, the screen isn't as bright as other e-readers), or mp3 player. As they say, you get what you pay for. This is a decent basic option.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a first-generation one and still in good shape. I purchased this new one mainly because of its updated OS 5. It seems also lighter. The performance is quite satisfactory. The SD feature is an important upgraded feature to the previous model. The only drawback is its over-simplified wrapping, even simpler than most low-end smart phones.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It does a lot of things as well as a more expensive tablet so it's strong for the money spent	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for a gift. Does everything it needs to do.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my mother during Mother's Day and I got a $10 off.Overall I paid around $42 for the tablet. Best tablet money can buy. It includes YouTube,Pandora and all the other good apps you get on a normal cell phone. I bought other cheap tablets on the past for a much higher price and less the quality.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is the best entry level tablet for kids. Cheap and with the Amazon free option you can give your kids what they like on your own terms. Also consider getting a protective case with it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am amazed at this little tablet! I had, and still have, a Kindle Paper White for 3 years before I dared to try to use it, and after using it I was intrigued by the possibilities.... I joined a public library and began reading books for free. When I had trouble downloading some books because they were EPUB instead of KINDLE, I decided to look into the FIRE. This FIRE cost me $39! Amazing. I don't use a SMART PHONE and normally only find myself online at home or someplace where I drag my laptop like a hotel or at Starbucks. This little number allows me a lot of flexibility. Besides downloading books, I can go online, I can download music from my AMAZON PRIME account for free (music that I don't want to pay for to get onto my IPOD CLASSIC). I can hook up the FIRE to my BOSE speakers and the sound is great! I already watched a PBS TV show on the FIRE while waiting to get an oil-change done on my car at the dealership. I added 64 gigs of memory for about $20, thinking that I might build quite a music library on this little machine. Since the memory is removable, if the tablet gets deep-sixed, no problem transferring the music elsewhere, I think! I have almost figured out how to get the music from the FIRE onto my MAC...but maybe it can't be done ... I don't know. AMAZON doesn't let you download from the PRIME music library to a computer...they only allow the download to tablets and phones. But there must be a way around this...I think it's been fun trying to figure it all out. On the downside, I hate the fact that the screen is not an anti-glare screen to begin with, but I bought something which I think will solve that problem. Don't like the fingerprints ... I'm trying to get used to the notion of a touch-screen. I'm OLD...I don't like change...so adapting is not that easy. But I'm working on it and I would say for the money, even adding the cost of the accessories I purchased, that this was a worthwhile meander into the realm of mobile connectivity. I'm having a lot of fun with it! The tablet DOES subject one to advertising when you open it...but I ignore it. I ignore all advertising everywhere so it's not hard for me to do...it's a well-ingrained habit. If I were forced to look at and read the advertising however, then I would consider a more expensive tablet that is free of advertising. But for the money you have to make allowances for commerce, I guess. I'm an APPLE person so I felt this would be very hard to figure out, but it's pretty intuitive after about 4 hours of making endless mistakes! LOL. I SAID I was old...don't expect to know what you are doing right away if you are essentially a technological idiot. Thing is you CAN figure it out. I don't read instructions so maybe if someone were more willing to have things explained to them it would be a shorter learning curve. But I only learn by trial and error. Have fun! Buy the thing...it's so cheap that if you hate it it's no big loss! The screen adjustments for reading are good...font size, background color, etc. I needed to have something that was easy on the eyes...this works for me!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this tablet for my grandkids and it was so easy to setup and also operate. They liked it so much that I will probably purchase two more so each grandkid will have their own.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I've been using a Kindle forever, and when it became apparent I needed an Android device (I have a Windows phone, which I love but has serious app limitations) I thought I with a Fire I could get a tablet and upgrade my Kindle at the same time. But even with Geek Squad help I could never figure out how to upload the apps I needed onto the Fire. So back it went, replaced with a Lenovo tablet that does the trick.	Google Phone
INEXPENSIVE AND FULLY FUNCTIONAL. WORKS AS GOOD AS TOP BRANDS.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my mother as a gift. I was concerned she would not use it, but she has loved it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This Tablet is amazing in low budget which has all good stuffs like dual camera, memory and free Amazon underground application	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect for light surfing and reading. Don't expect much for this price range.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love my new kindle fire. The price was very reasonable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
INEXPENSIVE GREAT TABLET/E-READER. HIGHLY RECOMMEND	Wired Headphones
It was time to upgrade and I'm happy with my choice.	Wired Headphones
Accomplishes the tasks of a bigger tablet at a much lower price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Tablet is very good. Initial setup was easy.It connects fast to wireless network. There is also not much blotware installed. Verry good tablet for basic needs.	Google Phone
So many different ways to use the fire. I have just begun to learn some of the functions.	Wired Headphones
Very good product. Portable and easy use. User friendly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use... I bought this tablet for my mother-in-law and she could use, without problems.	Google Phone
I like the camera is good and it's very fast wifi work awesome	Lightning Charging Cable
Its a value for money product ,serves the purpose and very well suite daily needs.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this for my daughter in the car. I didn't think I would like kids mode, but I hands found it to be useful. Amazon tweaked android and not for the better but it is still manageable. All things considered this is a cheap tablet but for a kid who cares.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased 2 Kindle Fires one as a gift & one for me & liked them so much that I wanted to get one for my daughter & 5 yr old granddaughter - my daughter said she has not yet gotten a chance to use it but my granddaughter loves it! You can do just about everything on the Kindle that you can do on a laptop or desktop! Very happy with them. Might have to get another one for my daughter!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent quality and super easy to use. I love that you can expand the memory. Can't beat it for the price!!	Wired Headphones
This is my 3rd Amazon tablet. Excellent reader. I read about 100 books a year so the tablet coupled with the Amazon service makes for an outstanding combo	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this as a gift for my mom for mothers day. Its simple and easy enough to use and provides great performance for its price range.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Has every feature a android phone would have. I mainly got it for Ebooks and it works great for that. However if your coming from a iOS device I don't suggest switching to this.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a good product for the money. Easy to set up and do things on.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this like 2 months and it's perfect, fast and durable My kids play YouTube all the timeThey love their tablet.	Wired Headphones
My nephews are always playing with my smartphone so I bought this for them and they are happy to have their own device to play with.	Google Phone
I decided to purchase this tablet because my 2 year old son refused to play with his leap frog tablet. He's happy with it and takes it everywhere with him including daycare. Great price!!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kid loves this thing. Everything is easy to download and easily accessible for my 5 year old. Also pretty fun for myself if l can ever get ahold of it from her. Lol.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is good. It has good specs but sometimes it is hard to get the USB charging cable out of the port and it should run on full android.	Wired Headphones
Great for reading, internet and game playing. Small enough to easily carry it in my purse. Definitely recommend!	Apple Airpods Headphones
It was an amazing deal for my little cousin. This is a great tablet!!	Wired Headphones
I got a Great price for an 8g Amazon Fire tablet. It works great. It works for what I need it for.	Lightning Charging Cable
NO connection to WIFI, Nook Color, HD+ work on it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my 15 year old daughter. She loves it. She streams movies and is able to use her social media apps without a problem. For under $50.00 it was a steal.	20in Monitor
My grandchild grabbed it and giggled. I love anything that makes a loved one happy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
THIS TABLE WAS PERFECT FOR WHAT I NEED IT FOR. IT HAS GREAT SPEED AND WHOLE ALL MY DOWNLOADS.	Google Phone
Cheap tablet but solid built. Weak audio and poor camera.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for the cost. I am going to buy more.	iPhone
The fire tablet works great, does everything my IPad does but cost way less. Awesome tablet to own especially if you like to read books on them	Google Phone
This tablet is much faster than my 2012 Nexus 7, a perfect replacement at a great price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not too big not too small. He can take he tablet for long rides so he's not bored and also learn with it.	Vareebadd Phone
Love the size and quality. Good price and convinient size.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this tablet and returned it the same day. The only reason why I bought it in the first place was so I could play certain games with it but it turned out that the games were not supported on this device.	iPhone
I love my new kindle! I can read books, read email, shop online and play games!	Lightning Charging Cable
Works good, quality for videos aren't that great but it's good for surfacing the web, games, books ect.	USB-C Charging Cable
This Samsung watch is just what the doctor ordered. I can see who's calling,texting,e-mailing all while watching my health at the same time ! Great product	Flatscreen TV
Great value for the money. Good for checking email and browsing from time to time.	iPhone
It's a good device for kids and first time smart device users. Easy interface without breaking the bank.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this on sale. It's hard to imagine getting any more value for such a low price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Read books, shop, browse the Internet. Just what I need it for. Great tablet. I bought one for me and one as a gift. We both love it!	Wired Headphones
Nice tablet for the price. Has all the features I need and adding a micro SD card gives it plenty of storage.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Best price cant complaint, super fast really responsive and if you have an amazon prime account the best.	USB-C Charging Cable
My 10 year old love's the tablet she can play her games talk to her friends on Facebook and she doesn't have to use my computer.	Wired Headphones
I had no problems with this tablet. Originally had a cheaper one that would crash every time I went to use it.	27in FHD Monitor
Compact and very good for the price, good picture and sound quality	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent tablet I have used , I will recommend to my friends.	USB-C Charging Cable
Simple device, quick start up, but because of the UI it makes it a little hard to navigate.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I had the original Kindle Fire 8.9 inch and then upgraded to the Kindle Fire 10"". I purchased one of these as a gift for a couple of family members. I setup these tablets and I was surprised that for the price how fast it was and it has the same apps and pretty much functionality of my 10"". The screen resolution isn't as good as a higher priced tablet. But, for $49 it's great! Even if you have a tablet already this makes for a good one just to throw in the bag with you when your out and about. I use Kindle tablets primarily for media and entertainment purposes (Amazon Prime Movies, Netflix, Hulu, and the News stand)."	27in FHD Monitor
My husband set the Kindle for our grandson and he just loves it. Now he can read every day as well as play games, also he watches videos.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I loved the kindle fire so much that I purchased a second one for my husband.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for my dad and he absolutely loves it!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had a kindle fire 3rd gen and I liked it a lot, but this one is better. I like the SD card slot for extra memory or to move pics from camera to kindle, book reading is great, I don't do many videos, but those I have watched seem to be fine. Graphics are good. Small enough to fit in my bag on the go, but big enough that I am able to type easily. Would recommend.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Cheap and best product from amazon. Almost 6+ tabs bought recently. This shows how i am inspired with tables	Apple Airpods Headphones
So, I pretty much got this as a cheap tablet for my 2 year old. He's constantly snagging people's cell phones to play games. We figured this was inexpensive enough that if he breaks out in the next two years, it's still better than if he breaks one of our phones on contact. Overall, it's a great little tablet for the money, and we can set parental controls on it so it can grow with him over the next few years. Not bad.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased three for my children and so far it's been a little over a month and they are still fully intact and bright and working. The speakers are loud, quality of the housing is very durable and the screen isnt scratch resistant but a screen protector can handle that. Charging is quick and the port is still very durable. The volume and home button is easy to handle and the response of the screen is still very well. The colors of the screen with games and movies is awesome. Children love it and my husband and I do as well. We catch ourselves playing as well. Lol	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my new colored kindle. I can do anything I want with this one. I used to have the old kindle so wanted to upgrade. Great choice	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a great product! Strongly recommend a must have!	USB-C Charging Cable
this is perfect size for my grandson - plays the games and stores all the things he needs to do to solve all fights with his brother	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Lady had been looking for one of these since Xmas and found one. And loves it	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet for my father for the sole purpose of playing games, checking email and anything else would be very basic. He is getting chemo so has long days and often stays home so for someone not technically inclined and a beginner with tablets he loves it!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
the only issue is the advertisement that Amazon put on the Kindle now, other than that great product, long lasting battery life.	27in FHD Monitor
Really nice product surprise about how great and fast it works	Lightning Charging Cable
AS LONG AS MY BABY IS HAPPY, I'M HAPPY! WHAT MORE IS THERE TO SAY?	Google Phone
It's a good tablet, mainly because I order so much off amazon	27in FHD Monitor
This is a great starter tablet for an 11 year old.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this Tablet for my kids and it is Amazing. They are always on U tube!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this kindle before travelingin Asia for 6 weeks. I didn't want to bring any expensive electronics I case anything happened. This tablet did everything I hoped and more. It was perfect for reading and keeping in touch with people back home.	iPhone
Great, would recommend this to anyone!!! My husband will not put it down! He loves it! I also have one! The price a Best Buy was excellent!!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent value and good WiFi access Video quality excellent	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really enjoy using. Loads fast and responsive. Good screen	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i bought the kindle fire 7 for a media source for my music since it was cheap, the only problem i've found so far is there isn't a good music player to download, if anyone knows of a good one please comment if possible. i also use amazon music app. i wish this had bluetooth capabilities but for $50 it can be forgiven..probably a good tablet for kids, i wish i would've just bought a samsung, asus, or lenovo tablet instead but really this is pretty good	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Really like this tablet, price is right and perfect for browsing the Web and reading books. The books on Kindle are cheaper in digital format as well so win win all around depending on whether or not you prefer a book.	20in Monitor
I got this for $39.99 and it is a great tablet for the price. Check online for directions on how to add the Google Play store for even more app options.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Worth for what you pay for.. Basic use is ok......	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought one for myself and my younger sister. If you don't want or NEED to spend a couple hundred on an Ipad or something like that, This is a really good deal. I enjoy using it a lot, and so does my younger sister. Doesn't have all the fancy things the more expensive ones do, but it's not bad for the price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
a great price and lots of free games my grandson loves a wonderful pass time with all in one books and games and info	27in FHD Monitor
Everything is ok with it. It is my first tablet but it seems adaquate.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Trusted brand, great quality tablet. Great for what I use it: browsing, FB, some puzzle games etc	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet exceeded my expectations I thought it would be just a cheap tablet but it does more than a Thaler I bought for 200 buck great smart buy	USB-C Charging Cable
Dad loves it love love love it love it love it love	Apple Airpods Headphones
Most apps you have to pay for basic apps like YouTube will not download without inputting credit card information what tablet for child not plausible to put in credit card information	Apple Airpods Headphones
With the 64G micro card I was able to load lot of my music. Use it in my truck with a Braven HD Bluetooth speaker.	Lightning Charging Cable
affordable for the kids and quality is good not like other cheap tablet, amazon always make a good product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice for working out or spending time on the riverbank. Great product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I own 4 of these.Great learning experience for kids. Also great for me as well...all in one gadget!! Everyone in the family is satisfied	USB-C Charging Cable
"Found I am using the ""Fire""' more then my phone. Speed is fast.. Easy to navigate."	Wired Headphones
The Kindle fire is a great little tablet. It works great for what we needed. We use it for reading, games and email. I recommend the Kindle Fire gets it done in style!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great size for my 3 and four year old to handle even with the cases. Cases also durable	27in FHD Monitor
I love it, very user friendly! Great for the kids, lots of aps, great purchase and great price!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was actually an impulse purchase, I was out for the weekend and forgot my Kindle so I picked up one of these. It works so much better than you'd expect from a budget tablet, the screen is very responsive to touch and has good color reproduction. Unless your looking at the screen from just a couple inches away the pixels aren't overly distracting and the text is reasonably sharp.This is a device you can carry around and not be too upset if it gets lost or damaged, and it's a good e-reader (and cheaper than the e-paper models, oddly enough.)	Lightning Charging Cable
little slow booting up, but its good starter tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought these for my son and I'm very happy with my purchase. They can do everything on these that they need to do and The Price is Right in case they drop them in water	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this tablet for my son works good enough for his age. I recommend this tab for kids	Macbook Pro Laptop
It's not the fanciest tablet out there but it does everything I need it to do and does it well. It was on sale for 39 bucks! I already got my money's worth. Great buy	Google Phone
this item was on a hefty sale, bought two for work purposes. a bit slow and annoyed by the constant Amazon notifications / integrations but it will work for the purpose of check emails and viewing photos.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great entertainment,easy to use,very affordable,great education.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Was surprised by reviews I read stating this device had a great display. By no means is the display bad, but please, this device only cost $40. It does not compete with the iPad and Galaxy tablets. The Fire OS needs some sharpening up.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought two of it. I love the way the battery last for a long time.	Vareebadd Phone
Got this for my 5 yr old grand child. She loves it	USB-C Charging Cable
I like everything about this product I bought for daughter and she loves it	Wired Headphones
Awesome for my 12 year old! Very good product, educational.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the size and weight of this. I read my Amazon books and comics on here and am always impressed with how easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the price it's a great tablet for a kid to start off with.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great addition for reading on the go and shopping online. Compact and good battery life	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Upgraded from an original Kindle. Absolutely love it. Even better than my wife's Kindle PaperWhite.	Lightning Charging Cable
It is very easy to use and very durable.. I would recommend this to anyone looking to purchase a tablet.	ThinkPad Laptop
first tBlet that i got was defective and returened and got anothers one because when i powered on screen was totally white	Bose SoundSport Headphones
works for my purposes. It is easy to use and easy for my kids to use	Wired Headphones
Great price for this tablet. My son enjoys this tab	27in FHD Monitor
I am extremely satisfied with this tablet for the price I paid. It was inexpensive and it works wonderfully. I recommended it to my sister who also purchased one.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great little tablet for watching amazon prime movies.	iPhone
Simple to use, a must own if you have Amazon Prime	Lightning Charging Cable
got this for my mom and she loves it good for games or reading on	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought the new Kindle Fire for my wife because I have a previous version of the Fire and love it. She hasn't really used it much but I have. It is a bit slower than previous versions but looks great and is a great value!	iPhone
I have the old Kindle that is similar to this but was alot more. For the price this is a steal. I will buy a couple more for gifts. The only real complaint is the speaker is a little weak so invest in headphones or a plug in speaker.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this as an adjunct to an older Kindle and so that I can also access four email accounts easily from one place while traveling. Screen is bright and makes reading easy. Item is small enough to get into my carry-on bag and I can pull it out and read emails from my personal accounts and my business accounts. I have also purchased the extra memory to download more movies.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great graphics and lots of apps and memory for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very light very well made feels durable Easy to use everything Amazon	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great product for the price!! I would recommend this to anyone!!	Lightning Charging Cable
This Kindle Fire provides the portability that I was looking for.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My mom really likes this tablet. It has a much bigger screen for her to stream her news shows. She is very happy with her first tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I would love if it held the charge for longer. but it is great for the things that I use it for.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was very surprised by the quality and speed of this tablet, since it was only $40! I would highly recommend. Good for kids too - don't spend the extra money for the kid version, just buy them this one.	27in FHD Monitor
I wasn't looking for a new tablet when I saw this one for $40. With its capability, I couldn't pass it up. It's perfect for eReading, my kids can play games on it, and it functions great. It won't be a replacement for my iPad 3, but it serves it purpose well.	Wired Headphones
I bought four of these for my children to replace the RCA tablets that no longer worked. They load much faster and the battery last longer on a single charge. The are very durable and worth the money!	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchase this tablet for my brother who is handicapped. Mostly so you can watch videos off of YouTube. Pretty easy for him to understand how to use a tablet. Quality of the screen and speakers are pretty decent. Really good value for how much it costs.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It was so slow and problematic i couldnt even get in to the store. Switched to a Samsung and we love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
This would be a great deal due to the good price for an better than entry level Android tablet... but... it is impossible to play music from Google play on it. Only Amazon! That's ok, since is their business, but should make that cleat to not waste time to buy and return it :(If you have a short budget and don't care about being attached to amazon only, this tablet is for you.	Wired Headphones
I bought one of these for me and my son. They are great tablets for the price. The resolution is great! Obviously you aren't getting the speed of a $600 or $700 tablet but I was surprised at how quick they were. I will continue to buy every new Amazon Fire tablet that comes out. You can't beat it for the price and you can upgrade every year if they make a new one. You could upgrade every year for more than 10 years for the price of one ipad.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my Amazon Fire tablet. It's the perfect size to carry in my purse. I shopped around and compared prices prior to my purchase. Best Buy had the lowest price and their customer service was excellent.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I really love my Kindle Fire I take it everywhere with me.. To the bathroom LOL what I really am pleased with my product I'm planning to get another one for a friend	Lightning Charging Cable
Works well also great for reading recommend 4 star	AA Batteries (4-pack)
When I checked it online it said it had 6 months of free subscription of the antivirus but there is nothing with my purchase, I did read it said they will email me the download information but nothing in that part very disappointed. I will only recommended to a friend if they have antivirus subscription at home.	Wired Headphones
Good, inexpensive tablet that covers all the basics	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my new kindle. My husband bought it for me to replace the first kindle that came out. This one is so light to hold. I use it for reading, surfing the web, and listening to music, I am sure it does more. I highly recommend this kindle.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product and so affordable...easy to operate and download programs.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Bought for granddaughter, age 11. She had no trouble setting everything up, even though she'd only been familiar with Apple's phone, ipod and ipad. Her only regret was no ""Facetime"", so Skype will suffice. Video quality is great, can't beat the price!"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like the Kindle fire, but is lacking on instruction. Hard to figure out how to use the features. Definitely need a stylus tool to use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I recently purchased this item for various reasons and so far it meets my expectations. However, I did have an issue with the voice volume on the video why flying for 5 hours.	Google Phone
Great for reading books on. Has lots of other features as well.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Hate Amazon! The app store doesn't have cool apps!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Kind of slow,but with the price it's acceptable. I bought it for my son and he doesn't care for speed.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Light weight is great. Screen is a little too small for some games.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought the Kindle fire for reading and for my kids gaming apps. Very user friendly with quick and easy access to amazon shopping	Google Phone
No cheaper reader on the market. Great value. Good product.	USB-C Charging Cable
The lady that helped me was very professional and knowledgeable. She understood what I was looking for let me know that she would have to order it. She did just that and it showed up 2 days earlier than originally told.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my son's and he loves it. It has nice picture good speed and he uses it all the time. My only regret is it didn't get 1 for myself.	Wired Headphones
I wanted a different gadget with a unique featured searchshopp and reading capacity.	Flatscreen TV
got this for the wife, her first tablet experience was horrible. She loves this and can't live with out it!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works really well have no complaints about this product, I would recommend this product to anyone who ask	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet... Easy to operate and very durable..	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have other kindle and got this just so everyone has access to all of our prime membership features. And so they would leave my kindle HD alone.lol. Easy setup and straightforward intuitive to use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My daughter loves this tablet, its easy to used and secure enough to not have stolen.	Wired Headphones
We love the tablet and its functionality. You can't beat the price and get the same quality.	Wired Headphones
Super easy to use and small enough to carry in my purse	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I wasn't looking for anything complicated just something to read books on, play a few games, watch videos. At those things it does very well.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is an excellent tablet to have if you aren't looking to spend too much. Doesn't have tons of features, however, it has the main basics: music, web browsing, email, video/movies, gaming, and reading. Plus, if your an Amazon Prime member, you can get great games for free like Real Racing 3, and DuckTales. Also, great as a young child's tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
The system is a little slow and then if you get the one with the offers, they slow down your reading a bit. But, you can't beat the price. This is not a full tablet. It' an E-Reader with a lot of enhanced functions.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great graphics! Great battery. Bought for my nephew and he loved it!	LG Dryer
I BOUGHT THIS TABLET FOR MY GRANDSON IN HIS BIRTHDAY, AND HE IS SOOO HAPPY	Flatscreen TV
A friend recommended I buy one. He paid $50 for his. When I saw it on sale at Best Buy for $39 I snagged one, I wish I understood the features better. I mostly use it for reading before bed. It's my first time doing so on a Kindle. Was surprised to like it so much! I live in a small trailer. It is great to an electronic library.	Wired Headphones
Nice product for the price , very good tablet for beginners	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice tablet to teach my nephew about computers however I wish I would have realized that you can not access the play store.	Wired Headphones
I bought this as a birthday gift a few weeks before the party. When it was removed from package and turned on, the image was cracked like the screen was broken, but screen was not broken. Best Buy washed their hands of it and said to call Amazon. I did and had to go through over a week's worth of calling them to get it replaced. Best Buy lost me as a customer over this. If you buy this from them, make them open it before you pay to verify it works.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My child is very satisfy with his tablet. He really enjoy watching videos and play games. Is worth it.	Wired Headphones
Bought tablet for my 4 yr old daughter very easy to set up and works awesome .	Wired Headphones
We really like this tablet. It has everything we need already installed with our purchase .	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm really enjoying my kindle fire 7 in tablet!Love,love,love my kindle! Operating system handles smoothly and screen graphics are Amazing!!I am definitely happy with my decision to buy this product and I would recommend it to everyone!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for its price and it has many uses	USB-C Charging Cable
Very good buy going to purchase one for all the family members.	20in Monitor
Perfect gift for the grandkids. They have great parental controls. I would recommend it for anyone looking for a great gift for any age.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My 12 year old son loves this kindle fire. Does everything it's supposed too and more.	USB-C Charging Cable
Still learning how to use it. Pretty user friendly.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Love my kindle fire. Great size for reading. Battery long lasting.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It was a gift. I was told that it is very fast. Easy to use, and a lot of available apps.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet for the price. Has all features needed. Typing was difficult, but using a stylus fixed those issues. Has enough technology built into it that it won't be obsolete in a few months like some of the off brand stuff.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son's and daughter love it. They don't have a hard time understanding how to use it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this kindle tablet. Its speed is awesome. And its a great device for young children.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
great product so good in fact I bought 4 of them. 3 as gifts and they love thiers too.	USB-C Charging Cable
Gave this to my wife for her birthday and she's very happy with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the best tablet I have ever purchased. Very easy to operate	iPhone
My son loves it! This is his 1st tablet. He uses this for his reading assignments and research too.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My granddaughter loves her tablet. Especially the camera! As soon as her homework is done, she gets her tablet out. I am so glad I bought it!	Lightning Charging Cable
I was in a Best Buy store when I saw the tablet on display with a sale tag indicating a price of $39.99. I bought it simply based on price. I have a desktop computer, two laptops, two iPads. In other words, I am computer poor. I use this tablet on airplanes to read books, access email, play games, confirm reservations. It is fast, highly portable and easy to use. The battery does last too long but that is not a problem. It is, after all, a $40 tablet. I bought several to give as gifts to nieces and nephews. It is a good computer for kids to use when learning.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love it ... could be a little more user friendly for kids.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my wife. Basic email, Facebook and web surfing. Does everything you need to and for the price no other tablet came close. Second fire tablet we bought. I am using mine to write this	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We purchased 3 tablets before settling with this one. The parental controls are great, easy enough for my 4 year old to play on. Just bought another one for my 7 year old.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this Tablet for my 3 years old granddaughter and she really loves it. Very easy to use !	Lightning Charging Cable
Only negative is pop-up ads. Don't quite understand the need for ads.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I purchased the 6 inch Fire HD and liked it; however his tablet is a better value. It not only lets you access all of the Amazon features, but it allows you to expand the memory for greater storage. Great value for the price."	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great item to used. Can get alot of apps and games.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet works great for the price. This is my backup tablet for traveling since at the price is easy to replace	Wired Headphones
Bought for 11 yr old Grandson. The look on his face made the money more than worth it. Kindle makes good products & I've been a long time Best Buy customer. never had a complaint.	iPhone
my wife bought this for herself and loves it. has had it for two months	Apple Airpods Headphones
The first one I bought had a battery failure. It wouldn't charge. Best Buy graciously supported me with a replacement. I like the tablet. Two enhancements that would be nice on it are 1) Speech to text capability and 2) Google Playstore preloaded.If you're using it for reading and internet browsing it is very good.Also, Alex (She) gave me great customer support. Kudos Alex!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really like my Kindle Fire. Just make sure that when you get a free month of Amazon Prime that you cancel it before it expires otherwise you will be charged over $100.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"After purchasing 4 Amazon Fire tablets i immediately noticed the amount of advertisement they came with at the pricing of the tablet that I bought. There's always some kind of advertisement on the screen when it wakes up. My other issue is after adding a card to make a few purchases for some apps for my kids. I removed the ability to make purchases without a password, well that did not actually happen. For a few days my children were able to make purchases in apps without any props that said; are you sure or asking for a password. I've had to completely remove the accounts and reinstall a different account for them to be able to stop making purchases. I also had them transfer the purchases to the new email a big hassle. Overall the tablet works good great for the kids."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
NEED A CHEAP ALTERNATIVE TO A TABLET, THIS IS IT !	Lightning Charging Cable
This was the best thing to happen for me and my family with the way you can set up the kid mode is awesome and the overall functionality of it is very easy	Wired Headphones
Nice built tablet. You need to note that it has Amazon Store, and no Google Play Store.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's not bad especially considering the price.i would recommend	Wired Headphones
I had no Idea that this device would be so much fun to use. It's not an iPad mini but in many respects works just as well. It is the best $50 I've ever spent. I was able to root this tablet and install a custom rom which makes this even better. Its nice to know that you do not have to spend a fortune for a big name brand device to get the same quality Android experience.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Very good price for this tablet. It is a gift for my son.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is way more than expected! I purchased it for my 8 year old daughter to play minecraft on and she hasnt complained yet!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Only $40 you can't beat it. Touch screen is a little janky but nothing a stylus cannot cure can also add media via microdisk and outfit with kodi and its a wrap	Wired Headphones
My laptop broke so I needed something so for the price I couldn't go wrong.	iPhone
This tablet is fast, expendable and cheap! It runs the Android OS, which houses most of the games and apps you'll find on any Android phone. My only complaints with this tablet are the screen and cameras. The screen becomes washed out at a 45 degree angle or more and the cameras are unusable due to the noise they produce. Otherwise, this is a really great product!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Over all, my grandchildren are happy with their tablets.	20in Monitor
This is amazing for the price. I purchased this for a teenager and he loves it.	Product
does everything and more...very easy to operate and set up...	USB-C Charging Cable
I started the set up process and it automatically pulled over the ebooks I had on my iPad app. Then I started adding more books. Just wish I would have bought more memory!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bargain for the price. Long battery life. The screen quality is good. I use this tablet everyday.	iPhone
I like the size and quality of the picture screen. user friendly, and apps are good. nice to have a library at your fingertips.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got it for my kids and they love it they play with it every day	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for the money and basic media. I enjoy it for reading, audible, and streaming video. Uses Amazon App Store which uses google play. Thousands of apps!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it for my 4 year old nephew. He is able to use it with ease. Its a great product for the pirce	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a good product but the OS is kind of slow.Also when connected to the internet it will sometimes disconnect itself.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great product for a great price. Would highly recommend	USB-C Charging Cable
Good tablet for my grand kid had to replace defective one, but otherwise great gorgeous his use	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought for my grandson he doesn't like it it's to slow..	27in FHD Monitor
Nice for all the basics Would have been nice to be able to download a mp3 music downloader	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my daughters elderly friend across the street. She loves it.	27in FHD Monitor
iPad without the bells and whistles. The parental controls are good, but a bit confusing. Haven't had the time to sit down and sort it out	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Brought for my four year old he loves it has no problems using it at all	USB-C Charging Cable
I was excited to get this because of the price. After taking it home I started noticing things that bothered me. I use samsung devices and the amazon app store does not have a lot of the same apps. Even chrome would not work on this device. I did return this because I was looking for more than a bare stock tablet. But if that's what your looking for its great!	Wired Headphones
Very portable. Easy to use. Well worth the price..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a ok tablet, worth $50 is a little slow, but for the money it's ok	Lightning Charging Cable
Even though the price of the tablet matters the display and resolution should have been much better. Feels like working in the tablet without the charger connected. Amazon disappointed me with this product. Minor issues in installing the apps which are available in iOS too.	iPhone
Great product purchased for my elderly parents. Very user friendly and inexpensive!	USB-C Charging Cable
My son's already each had one. Got one for my husband. Great value, and all are reading more than they ever did.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this device as a dedicated reader with the occasional web browsing and video streaming and I am very happy with it for that purpose. It is the right size and the right weight. The Amazon case (sold separately) gives it a real book feel. If you are looking for more multi-purpose use, you may find this device frustrating - especially if you have invested in Google's ecosystem. The device runs on Fire OS - Amazon's flavor of Android - and app purchases are made through Amazon's app store. Google Play store and Google Services are not available on this device, and the most essential Google apps (e.g. YouTube) are not available in Amazon's app store. That said, it's still an excellent device for this price point.	Lightning Charging Cable
My nieces and nephews love it. Even my 40 yrs old cousin got one and he is thrilled about it. Really easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
comfortable to hold while reading, not easy to rotate.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
great tablet and great price that I purchase 3 for all my children. They have no complaints. And if it breaks I can easily afford buying a new one.	Lightning Charging Cable
Does the job for a 50 dollar tablet. I used it to watch movies and music. Worked great for that. Get it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is good to browse the web, check emails, watch youtube videos,... The screen is small but still bigger than any smartphone.It's a bit slow but it's a good bang for the buck.Big drawback: no access to google play and no support for chromecast if you want to cast to your TV.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it on sale for $10 less than buying it from Amazon, My only complaint would be that I should have grabbed 2 instead of just one!	Wired Headphones
A great buy for the money. Very easy to set up and use. I recommend to anyone looking for a small tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Build quality-- very impressive, this is not a cheap feeling device. it has a nice weight, and is very solid feeling.	iPhone
I was looking for something basic to read on before bed and this fit the bill perfectly. Bonus it has camera lol	Apple Airpods Headphones
You really can't go too wrong with this purchase because of the price. Works very well, but don't expect iPad quality. Does everything I've asked of it, but some web pages are harder to read partially because of it's small size (which can be handy) and it's lower resolution. It's a good second tablet and is better watching a movie on, then a smaller phone. Can throw it in a small travel bag and not feel you have to be quite so careful with it as you might be with a more expensive tablet.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great product perfect for my needs at home. Used for my TV remote to Roku, radio apps wireless connection to my sound bar and fast browser all in one. I only paid $35 for this device brand new from best buy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very helpful for keeping fitness, health and weight goals	Google Phone
There are definitely better tablets out there but being able to read books, surf the internet and play games for $50 is a no brainer.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a simple tablet - light and very portable for a child. There are many free apps available and they work fine on this tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I really enjoy my e-reader. It is light, and easy to use.	iPhone
would be nice with some simple start up directions and links to website hints.	USB-C Charging Cable
Can't say anything bad about it. Great price and a great deal. Does everything that my grandfather needs such as reading, internet and fun games to pass time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good price. Battery life is good for a color tablet but you have to learn to charge more often after being used to a white pages tablet that does not use the same power.	Wired Headphones
II like that you can undo Emails, if you accidentally deleted them.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my niece and she loves it. She can read all the books she wants and it is a perfect size.	Apple Airpods Headphones
If your looking for a tablet to surf internet, facebook, emails, etc. than this is it. I can watch crystal clear movies through app Netflix/Infinity- live TV and shows. No tablet out there to beat this $39.99 product. So far so good!	ThinkPad Laptop
everything started out great, but then about 9 days into owning the fire, could not locate wifi, doesn't work without wifi	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it for hubby and he loves it. The micro SD slot for more download space is great for movies and games. It also allows him to remote him in to his computer when he is away from home with an app.	ThinkPad Laptop
I initially wanted to buy a kindle but couldn't pass up the great deal and thought I could exchange it if I changed my mind. It works great and has plenty of memory for what I needed, which was strictly to read. I liked that I could also watch Netflix on it. The only downside for me is that unlike the kindle I can't read it in the sun, but that's not that much of an inconvenience so far. Overall I've been very happy with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great basic tablet !Lightweight and durable .Great buy!	USB-C Charging Cable
By far the best small tablet for the money that I could ever find. I bought one for my niece three years ago and she absolutely loves it a great buy.	iPhone
this is a great tablet for the price, works a lot like an ipad I would recommend it	Wired Headphones
This tablet has a great price but don't let that fool you. The tablet performs much lower that other tablets I've used.	Apple Airpods Headphones
(vs. Kindle Fire HD v.8.5) For the price, pretty darn cool. Lot faster than my old Fire HD. Don't like the display screen - to much app clutter. WiFi not the best for speed connection (tested over 4 connections). All-In-All . . for reading, kids, an easy device, and fast . . Yea, it is Good buy. Just don't expect miracle speed, a lot of bells-and-whistles, or anything fancy. I like it. IMHO.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for the kids. Everyone in my family has one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This does everything I would expect out of s tablet. Like it better than the Kindle.	Wired Headphones
Does everything a tablet is so-pose to do. Good battery life.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great way to have all of my text books in one and read on the go	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I started with a basic kindle four years ago After two years I purchased the kindle Fire HDX. I have been very satisfied with it. Now I also have the new kindle fire. So when one is charging I can use the other device	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
When you buy an Amazon product from Best buy they will not take responsibility after two weeks and said to speak to Amazon directly,But you cannot return any Amazon products bought from Best buy to Amazon, Do not buy Amazon products from Best buy but ever again as you are doomed with it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this as a temporary tablet after my old one died. Now, I have no desire to buy a different tablet any time soon. For the price, it is great. It does everything that I require a tablet to do, especially after paying the $15 on Amazon to disable ads. Well worth the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for a child it's very durable and works very good for his games and things	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet holds everything that I want and still has room to get through the net fast.	Wired Headphones
I recommanded this product to specially highschool student.It is good touch screen and good functionality.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Only those who have an Amazon account can work with this tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is the second one I have purchased in the last 2 months for a gift.	USB-C Charging Cable
Meets my needs for watching Hulu, Netflix, Youtube	Lightning Charging Cable
Wonderful inexpensive tablet, for the novice or experienced person!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my wife so she can play games and not tie up her phone. Seems to play her games alright. It is a bit slow when opening things like the Internet, Facebook or Netflix. Still a decent little tablet for $39.99. Also limited to Amazon app store, so a lot of Android apps are not available (like dice with buddies).	Wired Headphones
Nice tablet for a great price as I purchased per black Friday sale on-line	Lightning Charging Cable
I actually purchased these tablets for some students that attend an after school program at the Salvation Army, but I also have a Kindle Fire as my personal tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought it for work and play and it is working out great for both.	Google Phone
Wife purchased she said does what she needs, loves it.	Wired Headphones
my kids like them so much i buy 3 of them and i got a real good deal on them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The price was right, and my grandkids love them! I now own 4 of them, they are simple enough for Grandma to work.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my grand daughter. Very easy to navigate. A very good price. No problems at all	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm gradually learning all of the features the Kindle Fire has and am enjoying the books I've downloaded.	Wired Headphones
Our youngest mostly uses it for games. Easy to navigate	Google Phone
Price was good. Great for reading. Needs more apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the price. Got it on sale for $39. To my surprise, it has bluetooth.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wife enjoys the camera feature, but hates all the ads. She'd recommend this to a friend IF they were on a budget.	Flatscreen TV
I used some giftcards received from another purchase, so my cost was only $20. I had to exchange my first one due to some dead pixels on the screen. But it does what I need, only wish Amazon allowed the Google play store.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
when switched to the kid mode it takes the worry away of them getting on inappropriate sites. The 1 year warranty is cheaper than buying a case for it fyi	Apple Airpods Headphones
My special needs son is constantly cracking screens even with a protective case. This device is cheaper then replacing a screen. An extra note You Tube app has a different colored icon on this device.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased 3 of these at Christmas time for my nieces and nephew and WOW were they pleased! Their Mom & Dads happy also because it freed up their phones & tablets. This is a quality product with a lot of apps for kids and adults alike. Do not hesitate to buy for any age!	USB-C Charging Cable
**Purchased the Amazon - Fire - 7' Tablet because it was available for $10 off the regular price.....I needed a tablet that was inexpensive and reliable and found the Amazon Tablet to be a great option....	Wired Headphones
If you're looking for an all-in-one device that can surf the web, read e-books, watch videos, and more....look no further. I purchased this tablet for my daughter and she loves it. The price point is perfect too. It does not have HD or Retina display but it's not an issue for me.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Perfect for carrying around with you carefree, for everyday tasks like email, Facebook, reading, news etc you can't beat it	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my husband and son and both have not had any issues with it. Easy to use. Great over all.	USB-C Charging Cable
Trying to find a tablet to teach my father in law on who not tech savvy and it's perfect	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for 6 year old. Love free time. Parental controls are great. Can set to read books before playing games. Also can set time limits	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought these for my boys and they love them! Tons of features and battery to keep the boys playing!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great basic tablet for the money! Great for reading and surfing the web, only complaint is glare in bright sunlight.	27in FHD Monitor
It's a great tablet, I ended up buying two more!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I find this satisfies my desire for a book reader and small tablet at an excellent price ($39.95 - on special sale). It is a version of Android, and will take many but not all android apps. Actually, I haven't used many conventional android apps with it, and none of them has failed to work. I have been able to use Bluetooth accessories such as keyboard and powered external speaker. I would buy this again, and actually have. But the second time is as a gift.	ThinkPad Laptop
We bought two. One for a university student, the other for an 11 yr old. No more waiting for books in the mail! Books are immediately downloaded. They are able to run Netflix, Facebook, YouTube, Pandora etc not choppy, immediate loading. TToonnss of apps. Many free. They are surprisingly durable, more than my son's iPad. The battery life is good. Thinking about buying another.	Wired Headphones
I love the new kindle fire. I bought the original fire back in 2011 and this is definitely an upgrade. The firmware is better, the battery last longer and the screen is better. All this for $40....can't beat that deal.	Lightning Charging Cable
I am no stranger to amazon tablet a must have, for the budget buyer can't go wrong :)	Google Phone
Easy set up, basic tablet, outstanding price. Plus you get all the great features and access to Amazon content. Great selection of apps and several parental control options for children (If you're looking for those controls)	20in Monitor
"Comes in handy at work; allows for quick online pizza orders; has great games available; and helps me pass time reading a book when visiting the doctor."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought the Kindle for my grandkids they just love they play with it all the time they use it to read books play games they just love it	Wired Headphones
Got this for my grandson who cannot put it down. So nice to give a gift that is truly enjoyed!	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my Fire. I can do so much with it plus read my books and be online also	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my son to use and he loves it!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to use. Would recommend the Kindle Fire for any age person.	Vareebadd Phone
Serves my daily needs for email, local newspaper, and favorite apps -- like Pinterest, Instructibles, eBay, YouTube, Facebook, etc.Easy to use, convenient size & weight, great quality screen resolution and sound.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this when I was going on a trip and figured I needed something to read on the airplane and while sitting in the sun. I am pleased that I am able to read books but also have check email and be on internet. It is like a hand held computer and I love it. Great for when traveling and I am going to enjoy reading books and drinking my morning coffee on the deck at the lake this summer. Does everything a Kindle Fire does but costs so much less.	Wired Headphones
I love reading my books on it. It is comfortable to hold for long periods of time. I have prime so the music is great. I carry it with me everywhere	Apple Airpods Headphones
Best tablet on the market for the price without a doubt	Lightning Charging Cable
We had gotten some of the other Kindle fire tablets and they were all great to use. This one is no exception.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Grandson loves it . He loves to play games and watch movies	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought these for the kids and they just love them. With the parental controls on it we don't have to worry about where they go on the Internet.	Google Phone
Great value tablet, can't beat it for the price. Only issue is it is locked to Amazon.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The item is great also great for kids for the price you can't beat it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The fire 7 is the best low priced Android tablet in my opinion. The lack of memory is kind of disappointing, but it does have a micro SD slot and for the price you can't expect all high end features.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good if use of tablet is low and not very complex. Color quality is only average.	Macbook Pro Laptop
nice table for the kids. and inexpensive, that's the nice part	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This product is easy to use for beginners and has all the features and applications available for download like other expensive tablets.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for xmas gift,( grandson 7 yrs old) had to go back to best buy to get 6 more for the bigger kids. (ages 14 to 26)	Macbook Pro Laptop
Good tablet for the price. Typically when you pay a small price for a tablet you get a piece of junk, but not this tablet. Its great.	Wired Headphones
Purchased 3 of these for the kids for Christmas and had to come back and get one for myself as well! Awesome product	Apple Airpods Headphones
My only gripe is the lack of certain apps on the Kindle store, but it's only a handful. Lightweight good resolution - good for those not willing to drop $100s on iPads.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great for reading, not great for playing games needs more storage.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the amazon tablets because you can get some many free kids games. My kids use this tablet all the time. Very reliable.	LG Washing Machine
I am not very tech savvy. This table has been very user friendly. I have called for support & the staff were very helpful.	ThinkPad Laptop
The tablet was perfect for our kids. The easy to you features made it ideal for all ages.	Lightning Charging Cable
Thank you amazon for making an affordable tablet that lasts! Enjoy the ease of navigating the apps. Good picture, and sound.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For a tablet, good price and functions. Was tired of working a lot on smart phone. This is a good substitute. Will even order books.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great little tablet for the younger generation.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my wife. Handy to read while exercising.	27in FHD Monitor
It is just the right size for my sons and daughter!!! They even know how to work it themselves!	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet was a gift for my mothers she is not into tech stuff she found it very user friendly and easy to navigate	Lightning Charging Cable
Nothing special and not much memory but for $40 it is worth the price	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my mom so she could play her games and do Facebook...she was having a hard time seeing them on her phone. She absolutely loves her tablet. She carries it everywhere. A great purchase. I would buy it again and again for her joy. Well worth the money. A big hooray to Amazon and Best Buy!	Lightning Charging Cable
Got the tablet while it was on sale. Great choice.	iPhone
I ended up returning it, but it's nothing really wrong with the device itself. Despite the low specs, it was mostly responsive and pretty snappy, though I've owned better. I'm just not super invested in the Amazon ecosystem, so I was missing things that other tablets have access to, like Nook/Kobo stores, Microsoft Office, and the like. Good choice for a kid's tablet just because it's small and you won't cry much if you lose or break it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Wish tablet was voice capable. Only problem was how long it took for the Merrillville, IN store to restock. They ran out at Christmas. It took about 2 months before they were available again.	Google Phone
I have five iPads and they work well but they cost hundreds more then the Fire. The Fire is fast ,very good battery life, the screen is great and is very easy to learn. It is not a iPad but I use it more than I use my iPad. Small ,easy to hold and read. I can't say anything bad about it. Works very well and I like it very much. Also I bought three more of them for my grandkids to play with and they like there's also, PS they also have iPads but use the fire more.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Awesome for young and old can work anywhere hooks up everywhere and kid friendly	Wired Headphones
"I have been wanting a tablet and numerous family members suggested the Amazon Fire tablet. I was afraid that the 7"" size would not be large enough but it is working out perfectly for me! It's size makes it extremely easy to carry and the graphics are amazing. I am sooo happy that I decided to get this tablet. It truly is a (forgive the pun) ""Best Buy"""	27in FHD Monitor
Quite satisfied overall with the fire tablet. For the price I ended up getting it for, there's no arguement. It's got everything I could ask for, I'd recommend it.	Flatscreen TV
My wife is a email and facebook user. Her laptop was always needing updating and was not the best thing for her. She does do some web surfing and it works for her.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought it for my kids and they love it. So then I bought myself one. I rake it every where	Lightning Charging Cable
Cheap but ok processor. $50 is an excellent deal. Response from touchscreen not great as iPad but price reflected.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great buy , bought eight of them everyone uses them daily and they enjoy them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good value for the price, basic tablet for every day use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is a great back up tablet for the money............	27in FHD Monitor
It isn't blazing fast....but fine for streaming music to a Bluetooth device. Hey....for $39 at BB I'm not complaining. Amazon appstore somewhat limited, but you can download android .apk apps (like Firefox, Opera Browser,etc) that work fine. Silk browser can be speeded up a bit with settings adjustments. Buy a class 10 micro-sd card (they're soo cheap now) because you only get 8GB onboard and will get used up real fast. Wireless not dual band so forget 5G, but does have decent range. People say screen resolution not fantastic, but I've watched many a network show with TW Cable app and HD is pretty decent.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the price. If you have Amazon prime it's even better	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazing deal for solidly built tablet. If you're looking for some thing basic this is the one	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Its great for small task and an excellent reader.I can even do my online school work.	Wired Headphones
I have been a book fan and was surprised how much I love this.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's a wonderful tablet and e-reader for what you pay. My only complaint is it's a little laggy and the screen is sometimes unresponsive. I also don't like that I can't put my ebooks on my memory card. It's frustrating. Other than that, it's wonderful.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Using it for my 5 years daughter. She is handling very easily without much supervision	Wired Headphones
I wanted a cheap e-reader that I could use also as an Android tablet if I wanted to. This fitted the bill, especially as a daily deal. It does what I wanted it to and at a very good price.	USB-C Charging Cable
These are great little tablets when you get a working one. I had to call Amazon to return 3 times because they kept sending new faulty ones. Dead pixels on 3 out of 5 fires and also the screen had yellow tint and looked blown up or zoomed in making the text blurry. I had to keep 2 of the yellow tinted ones because that was better than dead pixels. I just ordered 2 more fires and hoping I don't get the same problems.Other than that they work super fast and the feel is sturdy and of high quality and makes it feel better in your hand than an iPad mini. We love this fire! *I have a transformer, iPad mini retina, Sony Reader, kindle hd 8.9, a note 4, a Sony z3, iPhone 6s, Galaxy s3 and s4 and LG G4 to compare with.Overall, this tablet is the perfect size and will not disappoint. And the new OS is much nicer than the older kindles.	Wired Headphones
I needed to replace my old Kindle reader. This gave me an inexpensive reader and a tablet. Screen quality is not as sharp as HD and contrast is not as good as I'd like. BUT it is a great deal and meets the need.	iPhone
For under $40 it is a great buy for a tablet. I don't like that the charger port is next to the buttons on the side.	Lightning Charging Cable
Saw this on sale for $40 so i bought it.For that price it is a great tablet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For the price you can not buy anything better! It's great! It's easy! And I would by more any day!	27in FHD Monitor
Had to purchase another kindle because my current one had reached its memory capacity.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the Fire Kindle/tablet. This is my 3rd kindle, 2nd Fire. The new Fire is so much easier to use as a tablet plus nothing beats a kindle for reading books. This Fire is much easier to use than my husband's Samsung tablet	Wired Headphones
I am big fan of Kindle fires. This particular one is very good as a basic tablet for e-books movies email and anything basic Internet wise . The resolution is low however movie still look good they sound good and all in all I'm quite pleased . The only issue someone may have is that it is not an android Amazon may not have the vast amount of apps that android do but this is something that can be overcome . So bottom line goody reader good movie and television application or apparatus and all in all good for the entire family	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like it and it serves it's purpose. I use it mainly to read my e-books and surf the net so it's great especially for the price! :)	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The best gift for my 2 years old nieceGreat tablet	Wired Headphones
For low price it works great for everything that we need to use it for.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for the price you can not beat this kindle fire l	iPhone
I love this tablet! Great price and it gives the ability for the user to do so much!	Lightning Charging Cable
Affordable tablet for kids to use. Great deal!!!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I needed an Android device to run an app no longer on the iOS App Store. I later learned it wasn't in Amazon's store so I had to install a work around. Got the Play store, downloaded the app and deleted the Play store. It wouldn't be my first choice in tablets but it doesnwhat I purchased it for and does it better than I expected. I don't appreciate the lack of security and encryption but I intentionally leave private info off the device so it doesn't impact me.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought 3 of these for the family and it's been awesome.	Lightning Charging Cable
As a full time student, I wanted a budget tablet that would let me read pdf files, open class notes and powerpoint presentations. I got the fire 7 when it was on sale for 39.99. It does what I wanted and more. I use it for class and to kill time between classes with games, movies, and youtube. Battery will last two days of constant use, the size is perfect and fits my pant pocket (back). Overall great buy. Only downfall is the volume to my headphones, I found it to be quite low, but for the price, good enough.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased for my 2year old. So I could keep her off my phone.But I use it also. It is our first tablet it is user friendly for both myself and 2year old.	Wired Headphones
was just the right size for my husband.and was just what he wanted.was a very good buy for him.thanks alot.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the price. Good size. Easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Amazon Kindle needs to put more effort in their tablets, not a lot of applications compatible with the Amazon OS but for 50 dlls is totally worth.	20in Monitor
Amazing tablet, does everything I need it for and upgrade tricks to make it even better. I like this tablet and all I can do with it...watch my shows, stream music, browse the internet and read my favorite books and comics.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price for a very basic tablet. Well worth the $$$	Macbook Pro Laptop
Simple, easy to use. Good parental controls. I also loved the price.	iPhone
"Bought on sale for $40. Good portable 7"" tablet for email, web browsing, etc. while traveling."	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tab for a price. I was looking for a inexpensive good tab it serve the purpose.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is amazons cheapest tablet and probably oldest in the market. Good for the price.	27in FHD Monitor
I use this as a large mp3 player. you can buy a memory card to expand this unit. i put in 128gb card and have put 1000's of songs and still have not use up all the memory unlike my Ipad that fills up fast and has no way of expanding the memory.	iPhone
I am loving my new kindle fire! It is so easy to use, and downloading is a breeze! The connectivity is great also	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this, to replace my son's old Kindle Fire. It has lived up to its potential so far.	Lightning Charging Cable
I am looking forward to getting one for myself. The person I got this for for swore up and down he din't want a tablet or need one. Now he loves it, even for reading. I thought he would never give up paperbacks.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gone are the days of spending 600 on an iPad! Thank you Amazon!	
Great tablet from Amazon! I works quickly and smoothly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this tablet. It's perfect for kids, teens, and adults. I have 5 in my home. We all love them. Perfect for searching the Internet, playing games, keeping up with the news and TV shows you love. It connects right to my fire stick and I watch movies without hooking up all kinds of cables. Could not believe the price. Best bargain on a quality tablet. Thanks Best Buy!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought two of these for both of my kids. They absolutely love them!!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great for kids that mostly play games and stream videos.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and good interface, had for almost a year and still works fine, can easily upgrade memory.	Lightning Charging Cable
The scene is flawless and is fast when looking stuff up	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price for a great tablet. I would give it a thumbs up!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two of this tablets and they are great tablets with the best prize in the market.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought one for myself and then purchased two more for my grandsons. Great price.	20in Monitor
I would have to say that I've been impressed with this entry level tablet from Amazon, I personally really enjoy my Kindle HDX (which is a much higher class of tablet then this one), but for the Kids this tablet has been perfect. Good battery life, enough performance and storage for reading and entertainment and at less than $50 it has the quality that you can't find in the knock off brands at the same price point ... and when caught on sale you can sometimes even get this little e-reader for less than $40. Well worth every penny.	Lightning Charging Cable
I've had a previous Kindle before, and it needed to be replaced. I'm glad I put it off...until this gem happened to come out. I still can't believe that for the price of a random, often low quality tablet (done that too) you get...a KINDLE. Yes, it's a smaller screen and not quite HD like I've been spoiled with, but the resolution is still fantastic, the speed is amazing, and customer service if it needs to be looked at has a turn around of 2-3 days... (I had a minor issue with preparing of microSD apps being slow, but I just decided to deal with it.)	iPhone
It's easy to use and downloading apps for learning and educational resources are very easy. I will recommend this tablet to everyone for their child.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my son and he is enjoying it everyday. user friendly	iPhone
"I really like this tablet but, I was amazed by the weight of it compared to my wife's 6"" Kindle tablet. The 7' version is quite a bit heavier which makes it a bear to hold for long periods. Other than that, it's great!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet because it is simple and portable. Easy to carry!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this item to give as a gift. I have my own kindle fire 8, so I figured the kindle 7 will be a nice gift for my niece. It delivered what I expected a kindle will do for ereaders.	ThinkPad Laptop
Good price for a high quality product. Easy to use and navigate.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is as expected. For a tablet that cost $50.... Not bad	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire was a great price and exceeded my expectations.The picture is so sharp.	LG Washing Machine
Power ups within minutes and great instructions on how too setup. Plus comes with internet security for several months.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle has done everything that was in the review and great price. Very easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my daughter who has Down's Syndrome. It was an inexpensive first time tablet for her. She absolutely loves it and is always watching her shows and videos. It is easy for her to navigate and understand.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We purchase this for our son and he loves it. We are able to track his interaction online and he really loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
My soul purpose for buying this item was to read which I am completely satisfied for it, howevef, the camera quality isn't of great quality	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet is really easy to use and still holds up pretty well. I got this tablet for my grandma for her birthday and she can't put it down!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
its an excelent talber for the best price in market	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works great for everyday use. The family loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet for kids and is very easy to set up.	USB-C Charging Cable
I can read all my books great battery life and games	Bose SoundSport Headphones
When you compare it to the Ipad, it's a little small, but you can't beat the price for what you get. Shopping, watching TV, whatever you would do on your smartphone, but much easier to see.Love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really like this tablet. Its fast and responsive and just the right size.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's the perfect tablet for a the price, does everything a more expensive tablet does.	iPhone
I bought one for my 7 year old and one for my 3 year old. I love that I completely control the content and time use. It's easy to use, and small enough for kids to hold.	Wired Headphones
I bought this Kindle for my grandson and my son wanted one as well. They really enjoy using their Kindle's for all types of entertainment and downloading apps to play games. Keeps them entertained for hours. It was a great buy!	iPhone
This is an OK tablet for the price. Does is able to do a lot of things like a more expensive tablet, but I find it to be slow. I bought it mainly as a reader, so am not to concerned about the other apps, etc. Is handy to carry in a purse for reading on the go. I have hooked it up to public wifi and seems to work OK, did not do much as don't know if any security there.	Wired Headphones
replacement for broken screen tablet on grandson's tablet...he's happy	LG Dryer
I got this for a cheap tablet and I love having it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my first tablet. I has been fun learning how to use it. Great price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for the offline movie download capability. When I travel it is amazing	Google Phone
Its a good product in the basic range. Not that fast to work on.	USB-C Charging Cable
good tablet for day to day use. Not for those who want HD everything but shows decent video in SD.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is good for the price is really being sold	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The fire is a decent pad for basic uses. The only downside is the way the fire automatically links with your Amazon account. Also the ads are annoying and clearly designed to increase your Amazon purchases more than anything else.	27in FHD Monitor
This is an excellent tablet for someone who just needs something simple and doesn't want to spend a lot of money. One of my favorite features is the fact that there is a memory card slot, which means that you can have virtually endless memory. This was an important feature for me since my iPad does not allow that.	Wired Headphones
The speed the great. The Kindle Fire has a lot of apps to choose from and has not frozed on me yet. Once you figure out the Parental Control, it works great with unwanted charges.	ThinkPad Laptop
I recently purchased this tablet as a backup to my IPad. I find myself using it as much as my more expensive tablet!!!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
i bought for my niece and really amazing and working very good.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a really good bargain for the price. It was easy to set up. This device is easy to use and has many good functions.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Decided to get this tablet for my nephews 4th birthday present. Was a great choice. Easy for him to use and navigate, great speakers, and cool programs for kids. Very happy I got him this one out of the others I was looking in to. Would highly recommend this to anyone who wants their computer, table, or cellphones back from the little ones. Lol :)	27in FHD Monitor
I use it for lots of games, books , etc and love it	27in FHD Monitor
Got one for each of my kids. They use it to play games, watch movies, read and do homework	Wired Headphones
Amazon Fire way surpassed my expectations. I have an IPad but wanted something smaller to read my emails and view videos while I was at work.I'm also able to view excel spreadsheet, without having to purchase another program. Battery has decent power too.	iPhone
Got this tablet for my 4 year old daughter and she loves it, it is hard to beat for the price.	27in FHD Monitor
Wife had one for years, she recommended one to a friend for her birthday and her husband purchased this one for her.	Google Phone
Purchased for my niece as a gift. She's 2, so to watch her online videos, this is perfect!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have four siblings and it keeps them quiet days they're home	27in FHD Monitor
We switched from an older model tablet to this simplified Kindle Fire. For the price, it is a decent reader, which is primarily what we were seeking, but it has its limitations.The primary user in the house used it to read before bed. He feels the lowest brightness setting is still too bright, so he defaults his books/documents to black screen. However, words in italics default to the screen background, which means they are black. Doh!He also doesn't like the persistence of the Washington Post popping up on his Home Screen. He finds it a bit annoying. However, he doesn't mind the ads and suggested content from Amazon at all. it is just the Washington Post that he doesn't like.Beyond those minor things, it is an inexpensive and feature rich ereader. Being Amazon Prime customers, we share content between our accounts with ease now that we both are on Kindle platform.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is perfect for everything I need to be able to do on the go.	USB-C Charging Cable
I ordered this tablet as a cheap replacement for my niece, but quickly found out how well made the tablet is. Not only that the version of android it uses is smoother than i expected. Nice tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet if your looking for something easy to set up and use! !	USB-C Charging Cable
Wanted a nice Reader, this is it for under $50!!!!	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased this item during the Black Friday at Best Buy, not only was it dirt cheap at the time of the purchase, But my kids also love it as well. The great thing is that I am also able to monitor what they download and purchase without me having to get the tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
If your not sure of what your needs are..The Fire is a good place to start..	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's a good little tablet but just a little annoying because of the ads on the lock screen to make us have to pay more for the tablet to get a tablet that doesn't have the ads on the lock screen is kind of ridiculous. So for that reason I only gave it 4 stars it's a good tablet does what they say it does but don't like the fact that you have to pay extra to get a tablet that is ad free.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very happy with the overall design and the many options the fire has as far as the ability to assess different apps	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my granddaughter so she could have it to watch movies and play games. She loves it and takes it everywhere she goes. It is way better than a leap pad and it can grow with her.	Google Phone
It is a cheap tablet. It is not for you but a very good option for little kids	Wired Headphones
i purchased the tablet for my son and he has pleasantly delighted with it up to this point.	iPhone
Great tablet fast and great resolution. Great with prime membership	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy access to books and the web, just annoying ads.	USB-C Charging Cable
I really regret taking so long purchasing the Kindle Fire. The iPad was being so hyped up to the point that I didn't think the Kindle was as good. However, the iPad is not as good because after a few years, it no longer takes updates. What's the since in purchasing such an expensive item if it can't accept life-long updates? That was the purpose of me getting a tablet instead of a regular computer.	Wired Headphones
well worth the money, it's just a pretty well thought out tablet, the interface is designed well enough for a child to a grandmother to use with relative ease.it's also powerful enough to play a great variety of fun, good looking games. which is pretty amazing at this price point.	Wired Headphones
Average good 4 playibg games has a tendency to freeze	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this for my mother to use primarily to check Facebook and watch Netflix. I was a little bit disappointed to find out that there was not a Vudu app available. I hope that one is in the development stages. I knew that this was not a full out tablet when I bought it, but had hoped that since it was based on Android, it would have the major Android apps.	Wired Headphones
I love this kindle so much I decided to by one for my daughter who is going to Europe. She will be able to download books and videos to watch on her long flight!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to useBattery life is goodEasy to read a book	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had researched the product thoroughly and it performed as expected.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this tablet for my mom for Christmas and she loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my grandson as a birthday present. You can set time a child use it and what your child can view on the Internet	27in FHD Monitor
For the money, this is one of the nicest Kindle Readers I have seen. This is so powerful, I can do a lot more than read books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my first tablet, and I have had for just a short while. So far, it seems to be a great product for the price. I plan to use it primarily as a reader, which will allow me to stop accumulating books in my small apartment! So the small form factor seems to fit that purpose, and it's a bonus to have a browser and the availability of lots of apps too.	Lightning Charging Cable
Not the best tablet out there by Amazon, bt definitely worth the price. Can do all the basic functions of an android tablet. Great for media and entertainment purposes.	Wired Headphones
we bought the amazon fire for my daughter. works great	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the Fire! Great for everything I need! Great screen and clear picture!	Flatscreen TV
I was even able to get the Google play store on it. Returned though since there was no option to leave the display always on.	27in FHD Monitor
This is ideal for the gift. For the price, the performance is satisfactory. Loads of apps and games. Definitely, this tablet is for everyone. Perfect for browsing, gaming, music, and learning.Battery comes okay. Build quality is satisfactory. For the price range, it is must to have.	ThinkPad Laptop
The tablet is about worth what you pay for it. But that's what happens when you only pay 50.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great value for surfing the net, reading, e-mails etc	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought tablet for my daughter and like the price point and it's capabilities, along with the parental controls.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet at a great price! It was easy to set up.	Wired Headphones
It was a birthday gift for my son. He loves it and I use it from time to time. I would recommend it and the price is nice.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I now have 2 Kindles but chose my new Fire so I can have my email, etc at my fingertips.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love theirs. No problem out of this tablet.	Wired Headphones
Had to get a few inexpensive tablets for my kids so far and the battery life on this is great! Speed of apps is good as well.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love it and my two year old loves it to I love that it has parental locks on it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great tablet for the price. Skip all the other cheap tablets and get a kindle. You won't regret it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This product does everything it said it would and more.	27in FHD Monitor
My kindle fire has been easy to use and allows me to read several books and magazines at a time with out the clutter.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet,great for reading and keeping up with my emails.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I mainly use this tablet to read my kindle books on but it also handles playing music and watching videos fine. Great for social media as well. A perfect first tablet for someone who has yet to experience a tablet or smart mobile technology. Definitely buy a decent sized micro SD card when you get it though, as the real space you receive after purchase is more like 4 GB because the OS takes so much space on the device.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great easy to use tablet! Very affordable!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought to use as a reader on flights. Lightweight, great reader, more functionality than I would have expected for the price	Wired Headphones
I purchased this because I can add memory to it...and it's the best Kindle I've bought so far (this is about the fifth one I've purchased)...I like it so much that I bought one for my kids as well!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 9 year old. She loves it! Very durable and easy to use. Price is great!	Wired Headphones
I bought it for granddaughter so she would leave my tab alone and it worked my tab is mine again	Wired Headphones
Was looking for a simple tablet to use during my commute. This fits the bill. App store is limited, but this is good for simple web surfing or watching videos. Lightweight too. Only thing I don't like are the ads on the unlock screen (but, this is minor considering the price).	iPhone
"The Kindle Fire 7"" is a very nice reader. I love how small and light it is."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price, this tablet is great! Does what is needed and its sleek.	ThinkPad Laptop
I've had this tablet for a week now and I love it. Im not the most gadgetly inclined person but I do know what I wanted/needed from a tablet and I must say my expectations have been met & exceeded. When the price drops again to what I paid for it, im definitely buying another. Christmas shopping never starts too early!!	20in Monitor
Bought it for my mom, she like to play games in her tablet is it is perfect.	Lightning Charging Cable
The FIRE goes where you go. The greatest attribute is the size, perfect to bring everywhere!!	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is a great value for the price. You can have multiple accounts on the same tablet, and pick which apps are available on the account for your kid.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good for teens that use it primarily for gaming/videos	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for our 9 year old daughter and she loves it! Easy to use and kid friendly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I purchased one as a Christmas gift. from Best Buy on line...it worked fine the first month,did not use it for a few weeks. I went to turn it on..did not get nothing .The lefthand bottom corner says ""FASTBOOTH mode"" It is locked on this and I get nothing else.Did not buy any product protection so I guess it is a complete loss."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
They love it and when they are here that's all they want to do but I do limit their time on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for a friend and checked it out after purchase is a very neat machine.	iPhone
I bought this when it was on sale, and my rewards coupon was expiring so I felt I didn't have much to lose. Overall, this tablet is a good value, but you have to be careful about certain aspects.The tablet is really fast for something in this price range. The screen has pretty good resolution as well. There is no Bluetooth connectivity so keyboards and wireless headphones won't work with it.The app store is the Amazon app store. I side loaded Google Play and am getting my apps from there (YouTube helpful for instructions). The lock screen is an Amazon billboard. The default search is Bing instead of Google. I haven't figured out how to fix that yet. I just use the Google app to search Google. You can load the Chromecast app from Play, but it is hit or miss as to whether it works. It works for YouTube and Flixter, but it doesn't work for any Disney Apps (Watch ESPN, Watch ABC, etc.). You can cast the screen and view things that way, but the resolution is limited to the resolution of the tablet's screen.I think it was a good deal since it was cheap, and I can now watch my Prime Movies on it. Still, it's not the tablet you would expect from an Android device. My satisfaction would improve greatly if Chromecast worked better.	Flatscreen TV
This is the second Kindle i have had. This has all the features that i need-It has my email, it is easy to read, it is easy to take wherever I go, it also has the books on it that i love to read. It has the further capability of taking pictures and has its own calendar. I recommend it to anyone.	Wired Headphones
Hands down you can't go wrong with this tablet. Especially if its on sale and lower than the normal $50 retail price. Sure some google apps might not be in the market place, but a majority are and if your looking for just another tablet for mobile games or another screen for Netflix or Hulu this tablet would do just fine.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Like it. Worth the 50 $ just wish it only had a real Google play store	USB-C Charging Cable
I am using it from Nov'15 and have lots of apps and games installed it just never gets hang or slow up.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased one for myself and my mom to use for the word games & books to help enhanse her mind.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought it for my son. He loved it. I just don't like he can read my books at Amazon. I should be able create a sub account and limit it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a good one for the normal songs and video viewing...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Most tablets i've tried really stink, but this one is ok. Wish it had google though.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wonderful product!! User friendly and if help is needed, online support is available.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for my niece for her 9th birthday and she loves it! I would recommend it if you have kids	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This tablet screen and memory is lackluster at best but other than that if you are replacing another one of the Kids tablets or giving a gift to an older family member this is the way to go. The video on Amazon website shows a better picture while streaming video, Amazon ""One touch"" is turned on automatically so be careful to password protect purchases unless you don't mind a lot of $2.99 purchases. In short they make it too easy to purchase items by mistake. I thought I was on Prime video and notice that I was charged for an episode of Warehouse 13. Since I didn't see the show and caught this quickly I was able to chat with Amazon Customer Care and they walked me through how to change that setting online. This tablet not for me since I'm looking for a higher end media tablet with more memory than the 8GB this unit has."	USB-C Charging Cable
We wanted something you could read books on and watch shows through amazon and hulu. This meets those needs and then some.	Wired Headphones
This is a good product for reading and browsing Internet.	27in FHD Monitor
The tablet is just the right size. The games are fun and has so many other uses	Lightning Charging Cable
The ease of the touch screen makes for easy use with arthritis old granny nurse	USB-C Charging Cable
Best bang for the buck. Can't be beat for reading. The best bookstore and readers experience.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's ok I would recommend it to friends for sure in the future	Lightning Charging Cable
First off you can't go wrong with the price, $50 (or if you can even catch it on sell) is a steal for any piece of Tech. Now I've seen people compare this to an ipad or samsung tablet, which you can't. This doesn't have retina display or anything like that, But for the price point it does a good job. I've had mine since the black firday sell and its still been working really good. I also got one for my mom and my nephew. I generally use mine for emails and amazon orders along with reading the time to time book, netflix, and the few games that I've purchased. My mom and nephew use it mainly to play games. If your looking for retina display or something with apple or andriod features and don't mind the extra $150 or $300 bucks by all means I suggest getting one of the higher end tablets. But I can't complain with this new Amazon fire 7 as it works just as good for me. I'd recommend buying a sd card however if you want a little extra space.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love my Kindle! It's perfect for my Netflix obsession late at night! Great size and picture quality!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like the size it fits right in my pocket and its not bulky	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This Amazon-Fire 7 is on fire meaning that it is a Hot Buy at Best Buy. It does everything I need it to do. Haven't had any problems.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's work very well for a child got for my 8 year old she love it	Flatscreen TV
The tab is very good for the price what is being offered. Allows to have separate kid profile as well so that they don't have access to unwanted stuff. YouTube app can be installed as well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i bought this tablet because I didn't want to spend over a 100$ on a tablet that would not get much use. I use it mostly to read books and articles online. It has a brightness reducing function which is really great.	Flatscreen TV
One thing I like most about the kindle fire product line are the extensive parental controls. The game play seems to be good and movie playback is as well. My kids love theirs...	Wired Headphones
Is a great tablet the only bad thing is the lack of space and you have to buy an SD card for extra space	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased the tablet as a screen for my drink and it worked just fine	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love this tablet for alot of reasons..Expandable memory slot of up to 128 mb SD card for music in the car an anywhere..Netflix for every1 in the family.Perfect for the 3 year olds phonics an movie time..	Lightning Charging Cable
Have always been pleased with BEST BUY, and will continue to purchase all of my equipment there.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Wanted a reader that I could just get and go on my way. Always have something to read. Apps are great. Easy for my 7 yr old grandson to enjoy too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My 3 year old son loves it he will not put it down for the world!	Google Phone
This is a great tablet at a affordable price!! It's perfect for the kids and as well for adults, what you waiting for? Go to Best Buy and get one!	USB-C Charging Cable
Not that great but a good tablet. No problems yet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I was looking for a tablet that I could carry in my purse. This Kindle Fire is perfect. I pair it with my hotspot and I'm online in a jiffy. Saves my phone data. I love it.	Google Phone
This kindle is awesome. Great picture fast internet.	Flatscreen TV
Large enough it is not a strain on my child's eyes. In two days my three year old figured it out. Great for her to watch her shows and play games. Have not used it much past setting it up.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this to replace a broken tablet hoping it would work for a replacement. Unless you are amazon everything. Google apps aren't easily installed on this tablet. Otherwise it's a great value for the money.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son had the same Model kindle but a year later his kindle had issues. This kindle has a micro sd slot for storage. I haven't tested it out yet. I plan on testing it out to see if I can load movies on the micro sd	Apple Airpods Headphones
When I was looking for something to get so I could have all my books on one the Kindle is the first thing I thought of and ended up getting. The only thing I don't like about it is when it is dark the screen can be kind of bright even with the blue shade on. I also I have trouble spelling on the keyboard.	iPhone
Its a quick fast little tablet. Can do a lot of stuff a normal tablet does.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good tablet, great options and features for the price.	Flatscreen TV
Bought this for my daughter for her birthday and linked it to my Amazon Prime Account so she can get free books, music, and movies. She loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is a great price. Perfect for those who use Amazon and want to use Amazon apps.Don't let the low price and screen size fool you. Works flawlessly. It has long battery life and a bright display. This is a must-have item for $50.	Wired Headphones
Exactly what you expect from this product. Great for it's price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love it!!! This product has been awesome for my 8 year old	USB-C Charging Cable
The kindle fire I purchased does not work. It does not start or charge.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a excellent item for kids. And better then spending 100+ for another tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It works great. We are using it to play pandora music all day at the store. So far, we don't have any issue. It works very consistently.	
My mother-in-law loves her tablet! I purchased it at a great price as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This isn't a great tablet. Obviously. It's not even a pretty good tablet. What it is, is a really solid tablet that, at $35, is basically disposable. I take this thing places where it might get stolen or broken, because if it does... I'm only out $35. Consequently I use it a lot more because it's not so precious. Also, the ability to download movies from Prime and watch them off line, makes this guy the perfect subway tablet.	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet, if you keep your expectations in check. Is it going to rival the likes of the iPad or even the 2013 Nexus 7? No. But there is a lot of junk in the $50-100 tablet market. Thankfully the new Kindle Fire isn't one of these. The screen quality is adequate for reading and watching youtube, netflix, and hulu. I had multiple apps open and it didn't feel too bogged down. If you can find it when it is on sale for $39.99, it's an even bigger steal.	Wired Headphones
Good tablet for simple use like reading books, music and simple tasks.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my grandson who loves it. He can download books to read and play games as well. He carries it with him wherever he goes. Has really enjoyed having his own tablet.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for simple reading, web surfing without too many features	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Battery life is good, surprisingly awesome product with low memory. Lots to do with it/on it... very satisfied purchase	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased 2 of these Black Friday from our local Best Buy and gave them as gifts for xmas. Both people thought we spent a lot of money but we made out like bandits for under $40 each. GREAT PRODUCT ! Great gift for not a lot of money for anyone who your considering their first tablet. You can't go wrong here.	Lightning Charging Cable
Movee very slow but it is ok for the price that i paid for it.	Lightning Charging Cable
When my kids play a game on their profile the system goes to the screensaver. My dad's doesn't do this so it may just be a software issue on mine. But altogether I do love having the Fire.	Lightning Charging Cable
Can not print from this device...Using the touch screen is very difficult.	Wired Headphones
As inexpensive as this tablet is, it is a great option for children. Each of my kids has one. If they damage it, you aren't out a ton of money like an iPad. Freetime is also a great option to help control apps and time each child is on the kindle.	Flatscreen TV
My husband and I each own this Kindle. You will never find us without them at hand for gaming or email. My bff always complained that I was addicted. Guess what I got herfor a birthday present! So who's the addict now!	Wired Headphones
Does everything I need really well. I do both of my email accounts, read all of the news and sports I want, and do light research. It's plenty fast and the screen resolution is just fine. Amazing for the price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had wanted a kindle for a very long time. When I saw the price I could not resist	Apple Airpods Headphones
Of you're looking for a tablet with all the bells and whistles this may not be for you. If your looking for a great reader with easy access to all Amazon has to offer at an affordable price this may be what you're looking for.	Wired Headphones
I think this tablet is better for simple usage. Not so much for a whole lot of apps and games, as the memory is used up SUPER FAST for only being 8GB (when in reality you don't get the full 8GB to begin with). I got this for my 7yr old daughter and the apps eat up the memory which eventually slow down the tablet and make it kick off the wifi because there isn't enough memory for it to fully function. You pretty much HAVE to get a memory card for it with atleast 16GB or more. But for a starter and for basic stuff...checking social media etc it's fine. And for a starter tablet for kids.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great product and I did research it before buying 3 of them. Having said that, I didn't realize the apps such as Instagram and Madden mobile, we're not available on Amazon. This was a BIG disappointING factor for the young people using the product. The other big complaint we have with this product is the length of the charging cord. WAY TOO SHORT.	Google Phone
Purchased one for my mother who likes to read a lot but not really internet savy. She loves it. And cannot beat the price. she uses it mainly for reading however. I bought it on Black Friday for under $50.00	Bose SoundSport Headphones
had to return a digiland tablet that I got for my daughter for Christmas and best buy didn't have another digiland so they let me get the kindlefire instead of the digiland. My daughter likes it all except for the fact that she can't get the google play games that I have on my tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
great little tablet for price, great if have amazon prime	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Best Buy makes it easy. No problems. I am a Best Buy Geek.	Macbook Pro Laptop
"Kindle Fire 7"" is affordable for everyone!$! Love it!!!"	Lightning Charging Cable
I love it. Great product.My son loves it. It is great for kids and adults.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Best gift for my 10yr. old. Even uses it for homework.	Lightning Charging Cable
I enjoy this tablet and will buy another one for my daughter to use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I picked up this tablet thinking it would be a great buy. I have a few family members that own the previous model of the kindle fire and highly approve of them. The new product I got was very disappointing, The display had a dead pixel on it when I turned it on. The product is very slow and the cameras leave a lot to be desired. I took it back and exchanged for an IPad Mini 4 and am very happy with it.	Flatscreen TV
It's not really an Android device as everything is Amazon centric. Not a massive problem unless you want to integrate with Google products such as ChromeCast. You also can't switch off tracking features and use add blockers, the lock screen even has an advert! However if you can put up with that then it is a great little tablet with excellent performance.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this tab for the $40 dollar sale price and its a nice little system. Nothing worthy of note though I have to say I am not a fan of the amazons operating system. My wife hates the inability to delete preinstalled bloatware so the home-screen is not OCD friendly.	Wired Headphones
It is a nice tablet for the price. The camera is not that great but it is decent. Beware of the memory capacity though. It says that it holds 8 gb but only has 3.81 gb of free space, so less than half.	Wired Headphones
I had purchased a Fire HD about a year ago from Amazon so this was a second. It is not in constant use, but I can take the pictures of receipts when I need them, and have it as a inexpensive backup. Backups are really important.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Luckily best buy exchanged the kindle fire for a Lenovo tablet with courtesy and ease. Thank you best buy! It was a black Friday purchase that I did nothing with until late January/ early February. Great way to do business and therefore keep it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought a gift for my mom. She absolutely loved it! Great purchase. Great price! No complaints.	Wired Headphones
Great display and colors easy to use. Very good entry level tab great price seems to be very durable great apps. Would recommend to anyone wanting entry level tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my second purchase of a Kindle Fire, an upgrade from the original, which failed due to unintentional very rough handing by this user. It is an excellent device with significant improvements over the original. My only issue is that a particular app that I routinely used apparently was only available on the original and is not available on the latest model.	Lightning Charging Cable
We had an older Kindle that needed to be upgraded. This is the same quality for less than half the price!! Love it and has a camera, our old one did not.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves her tablet and it's great for movies and games!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
They really enjoy it and I will buy it again for another gift	20in Monitor
Works good... Not sure if prime makes getting free books better or not but she gets a lot of em!	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased 3 tablets as gifts for family members. The price was great and the quality is outstanding. The video and sound are impressive for the value. Wonderful tablet at a low price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The price is outstanding it works great for my use surfing the web. Little slow and the image is not super sharp but you can't beat the price. if you're looking for an inexpensive tablet this one is great!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it for my kid and he has loved it. Would recommend.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
very easy to use and has met all of my xpectations	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought these for my 3 college students. They love them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Seamless transition from old device. Easy to use. Completely happy.	Wired Headphones
If you're expecting something like an iPad, leave your expectations at the door. This is a great little tablet for losing track of time while you read, play a game, connect with family/friends, or watch a show. I've had iPads for years, and have loved using them--just getting tired of the price tags that come with them.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love it nice parental controls but be careful screen will crack.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Generally it is good. Sometimes the touch screen does not respond well.	Flatscreen TV
This is a great tablet for the price. We have 3 of them now one for each family member. Easy to use and does everything that the high priced tablets do.love them never had a bad issue yet	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am content with this purchase,bought it for my 5 year old and she loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not very fancy but works for what I need. I primarily got it for reading books. I like that you can switch to night light.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I would recommend this product great for web photo bible studying video tango and some much more.. Go and get you one trust me you would love it..	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I got it on black friday. Its a great tablet for Kids or your additional backup tablet for games or reading books. Ad's on the lock screen was annoying.	Wired Headphones
This is an amazing item for the money. Cheaper then my first scientific calculator many years ago.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I have older versions of the kindle fire, and I bought this one to replace my daughter's ""aging"" kindle-which she uses constantly. This one has 2 camera phones, one rear and one front, compared to her one that has just one (rear). Also, the graphics are better and it has more MG than her old one, which is great because she pretty much maxed out her other one. She uses it to read, play games, and do homework (even can check her grades online). All around, it is quick to turn on rather than using a computer to get what she needs for easy homework (online research, calculator, etc.) and a lot more portable when traveling!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the fire tablet. It is great for checking emails, playing games, etc. Without the expensive cost.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my son to have access to Netflix and a few games. Although I think the parental controls are too complicated, I really like the tablet.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The processor was so slow. It took about five minutes to load a five minute YouTube video with 50 Mb/min. Internet.	27in FHD Monitor
Excellent value great apps and movies. the price was perfect.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a good investment. That being said do yourself a favor and buy a SD Micro card and add it on before you download anything. Makes it run that much smoother	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great budget tablet. Don't expect it to compare to an iPad, but it's great for the kids!	Flatscreen TV
A great tablet to read books on Amazon for prime members.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice, simple great deal for the money. Good buy, would recommend.	20in Monitor
Some apps, like youtube, will have trouble when on wifi network. All other games work perfectly fine. Perfectly aimed at teenagers and younger.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect size for travel so kids can be entertained in the car and checking emails and watching shows and reading e-books very convenient for mom's on the go. worth the every cent	USB-C Charging Cable
The person I bought this for really loved the product, it was compact enough to carry to the beach, yet large enough to read from. The price when purchased was amazing and you can't beat it for speed and ease of using.	USB-C Charging Cable
Seems ok but not what i really needed. I'm not much of a reader	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablet is durable and great for kids. The best part is the parental control.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got these for my 4 and 8 year old. They love them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this TAB as a gift for a family member. They are very happy with this product and it's features. The applications that come with this product are great. Happy to be a part of the amazon fire family.	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids loved it. They use it daily. I would recommend to any parent.	27in FHD Monitor
"I purchased this tablet after seeing the Best Buy ad...I got it for my wife for Christmas this past December. The price was unbelievable (under $50!) and even though my wife didn't think she'd ever use or want one, I said, ""What the heck!"" and bought it anyway. Well, she's been using it nightly (during the week) and quite a bit more on weekends--in fact, she's used it more than anything else I've ever given her in the past!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy and dependable. It fits perfect in a purse or pocket to take to work to use on breaks.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought it for my niece over the Christmas and she absolutely loves it. Was worried about the quality since it was so cheap but it turned out great. As a matter of fact the quality was fantastic and easy to use too. Money well spent.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really enjoy using the Fire 7 tablet. It is light weight and fits in my purse for caring around. Now I always have a good book to read.	Wired Headphones
I buy kindle fires for my grandchildren. They are between the ages of 6 to 10 years old. They seem kid friendly and easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my kids for Christmas and they both love them. Bought one for each kid.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
There is a good amount of value in this device, particularly if you consume content from Amazon. I bought this tablet for my daughter but her primary source of content is YouTube and there is a dearth of quality YouTube apps on the Amazon app store. She mostly uses an old iPhone 4 for this purpose when at home. On the road, however, I am sure she will use the Fire tablet with movies and Prime content loaded up on the microSD card. It is a solid device - I have not encountered any glitches, freezes, or app crashes but it is not used as much as our other devices. I would recommend it if you consume Prime content or you are clumsy with electronics.Pros* Good value (almost disposable)* microSD slot* Underground* Multi-user support* Easy access to Prime contentCons* Amazon's Fire UI* Amazon's App Store* No support for Google apps such as YouTube, Gmail, etc.* Battery life could be better* No stock content producing apps like iMovie, GarageBand, etc/	
SPECIAL OFFERS means there are popup ads when you turn on the Kindle for games and books. I called amazon and they want me to pay $15.99 to turn this off! I am returning this and buying another brand of tablet. I am DONE with amazon they will never get a dime from me!	Flatscreen TV
The kids love them! I purchased some tablets the year before off Amazon and they were cheap and broke quick I spent the same on these this last Christmas and they seem sturdier and better picture quality!	Wired Headphones
Bought to replace my original kindle and have access to books already purchased. Have used it for so much more like games, browsing internet, and watching netflix. Does so much more than original at a better price.	Google Phone
Does everything you need and for $50! It includes banner adds but they are not at annoying frequency.	Apple Airpods Headphones
A gift for my grandsons. They love it! Easy to use	Wired Headphones
Seems to work great for my teenage son. He uses it to watch videos on it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Tablet is good for all around use. My kids use most and like to buy music and books through Amazon.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for kids of all ages, purchased two tablets and they love them..	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Purchased as a gift for a friend who has never owned a tablet of any kind. Great little tablet for a beginner, very good response time, for the money you really cant go wrong.	Wired Headphones
we got this for my mom for Christmas so she can play games. It is absolutely perfect for her, as it is bigger than her phone & she can see it much better.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle fire was a xmas present for my son in law and he just loves it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Perfect tablet for reading and browsing on the internet .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for a kids first tablet! Great for watching movies, playing games and reading books.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
U thought it was going to be like an iPad or Samsung but it's all Amazon mode and you can't turn off the lock screen ads!!!! I get tired of seeing them...	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet was a gift for my nephew who is 10, great gift where he can use it to get on the internet. It works well for what he is using it for.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for my sister. She never had a reader or tablet. Now she has both. Easy to use, nice size for traveling. great price!	Google Phone
Got this for Christmas gifts for a few people and each say they love this tablet . For the price it's great .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i bought this for my niece and she seems to love. It was easy to set up, but a little different to navigate from other android devices. she mainly uses it for netflix, but sometimes i catch my sister player finding nemo on it.	Wired Headphones
Bout this for my step-son. Easy to use and durable.	Apple Airpods Headphones
bought this as a gift so i can't speak on how it functions. however, i researched all kinds of tablets online before purchasing this and it was a great deal	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Not much negative to say other than I don't like how you buy an Amazon card to put on the tablet and yet they still require a credit card.	iPhone
Bought this tablet one for my daughter and one for my nephew. They seem to enjoy it a lot.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This item was purchased as a Christmas gift and the receiver loves it. They mostly play games and read books on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my family for Christmas. It is wonderful.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this thinking it would be a cheaper tablet for my son with great graphics. It is exactly that.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought 2 fires for my children and they were a great purchase. They aren't expensive and they are easy to maunuver through even for kids. They love them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Mom and Dad already have Kindles. It was time for the 9-year-old to have one of her own. This was perfect: Great size and an even greater price!	Wired Headphones
This was purchased for my 14 year old grand daughter and she loves it. The Kindle Fire does everything she needs it to do. We are very pleased.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a nice tablet for children or beginners. Processing speed is adequate for playing games or watching videos.	Wired Headphones
They're happy and it keeps them entertained for hours	27in FHD Monitor
Great tablet great price no complaints definitely great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave this as a gift for my daughter so she can read and now she loves it.	Google Phone
Now I don't have to feel guilty bringing my Kindle to work,he can play his games and watch his videos.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
We bought these tablets for our children ages 5 through 10 for gameplay so they could stay off of my Samsung tablet. Hallelujah! They absolutely love them! The only problem that I have with tablet is the length of the cord on the charger. It's too short. If you want to continue play while it's charging, you have to literally sit right next to the electrical source. We remedied this problem by exchanging the cord for a longer one that we had around the house.	Wired Headphones
"It's great - each of my kids received one last month for Christmas (ages 8, 12, 15). We gave it to them mostly for reading and they love them. Yes the younger two game on them and watch their shows as well, but most of the time I ""catch"" them reading. I thought the ads would bug them but they only appear when you initially turn on the device and that's it. No one's said a thing. Good screen quality too. We purchased a 32g SD card for each tablet for more storage."	27in FHD Monitor
It was pretty cheap and you can surf the web. a good buy for the bucks.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works okay for what we paid. Not super speedy, quality is a little grainy as well	Lightning Charging Cable
It was a gift for 10 year old granddaughter. She is enjoying it very much and can do all she wants (games, music) without any issue.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave to my mom for Christmas. She had an older kindle, loves the fire, too. Has more features. She is happy.	LG Dryer
This is perfect for someone who likes to read or just have another device to surf the web with quickly other than a cell phone. Great value.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet for my mom for Christmas due to its ease of use and access to Amazon's app store.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great tablet for Facebook, email, games and surfing the internet. Easy to set up.	Lightning Charging Cable
Awesome tablet kids loved it they can't drop it they use it for games videos and homework	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for those new to tablets or just goofing around on	Google Phone
Very good and easy to handle the price was very good	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great tablet and you can't beat the price. I bought it to use with Amazon Prime Videos, but I now find myself using it for much more. The built in email client works great. If you want, and do a little research, it is easy to either side load apps from the Google PlayStore, or install the store app itself, allowing you to install the few apps that don't appear in the Amazon App Store.	Wired Headphones
the price was right and I wanted it for it's ease, because I will be using it in my door to door ministry. thank you,	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This item is taking forever to charge and not holding the charge. We may have to return. I assume it is this unit and not all.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought two of these for black friday and the kids love them	USB-C Charging Cable
4th Fire we have owned. My daughter uses it mostly	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is easy to use. It is also durable and the battery lasts a fair amount of time.	27in FHD Monitor
Use it every night to watch amazon television in bed, play games, read books. Great item.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two of these during black Friday for my boys and they love them.	USB-C Charging Cable
This Amazon Fire Tablet is a great tablet and very affordable.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this for my son's first tablet. I really like the product. Like the parental controls. For him I am not thrilled that with any parental controls he can't have free access to the web. It's blocked mostly :(.Needs a bit more memory so get an SD card. I would rate it lower because of this. But for what I paid I just cant. The graphics on Netflix are good. I can't come up with one reason for the price to give it less than stars. I own a IPAD and it rivals it. Especially for the price difference.	Flatscreen TV
very nice tablet. very fast for the price. camera takes good quality pictures.	27in FHD Monitor
I love my new tablet. The size is just right and love that I can access the internet or play games anytime, anywhere!	20in Monitor
I bought this for my mom for Christmas and she loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
He loves it. Using it with the Amazon Free Time app. Son uses is constantly. Easy to set up and use. Easy to keep kids from making purchases or accessing content outside of the Free Time app.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my grandson for Christmas, I also own one. We both like this product	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very happy with this tablet. My grandchildren love it!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I will be buying another Amazon Fire in Feb. for my granddaughter for her birthday.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for a Christmas for a family member gift even thought I wasn't too sure of the quality of this tablet because it was very inexpensive. The person who received the tablet was very satisfied with the speed, screen resolution and apps.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was on such a good deal that I couldn't resist it. I purchased two of these for my 6 and 3 year old children. They don't need anything grand, but this is more than suitable for them to learn, play, and enjoy some technology. It performs well and I hope it continues to last.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is a really good value. Gave it as a gift and it was a hit!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought these for my kids for the holidays. No you tube app installed, so you have to find a 3rd party substitute. Ads pop up all the time, with an option to remove them for $15. Amazon states that since I purchased the tablet on sale for $15, this is how they can afford to compensate for that revenue. I would have returned them had we been able to find the receipt.Maybe a good product, but not for us.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good tablet for the price. It is fast, battery life is ok.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
this amazon fire table is a great bargain. its not a top of the line table and you can tell since the moment you see the price tag but for that price does a whole lot! day to day regular use or just for kids and people that dont really care about some extra features that flagship tablet bring its amazon!	27in FHD Monitor
great tablet to use around the house, and on the go . my wife like to read alot	iPhone
This is my second one. I love it. The price was great. Bought one for my daughter.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this for my nephew, great activities, and more for him to learn.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is wonderful and a great value. It's performance is fast	LG Dryer
My kids love this tablet! All the fun without the steep price!	Lightning Charging Cable
I have to admit that I was quite surprised by this Amazon Fire tablet. I have been using Apple, Windows, and Android for the past few years and never gave Amazon a chance - until a Black Friday deal at Best Buy.It is responsive, visually great, and the OS is quite easy to navigate. I set this up with my younger son in mind, and the parental controls are superb. They covered everything I could think of to prevent him from doing. Amazon also has plenty of cases to choose from for their own tablets.The only thing, and this just may take time, is that I wish the app library was more extensive compared to Apple and Android. Other than that, everything else is Excellent!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought the Fire for my 8 year old for school after a suggestion from the sales rep in store. Went to set it up and it required a credit card number be entered. Couldn't even download free kids apps. Why would I want my child able to accidently buy something? I refused and thus not able to download anything. We will be returning it. Product appears best for an adult who likes to read books on tablet.	Google Phone
great tablet, we love it, great for family with kids	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The biggest drawbacks to this product is the lack of any instructions/user manuals included with the package. You are forced to experiment with the controls to boot it up and start using it........if you are adventurous and PC oriented, it's no problem.........if you aren't.......good luck.	Flatscreen TV
THIS ITEM IS ONE OF THE BEST PURCHASES I MADE THIS SEASIN. I ABSOLUTLY LOVE IT	Wired Headphones
Bought the tablet for my niece. She loves it, a lot	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Grandma loves it..plays her games and keeps up with the grandkids.	iPhone
A nice tablet for the price. No a-lot of meaningful competition at this price range, which makes the Fire tablet an easy selection for the price conscious buyer.	Wired Headphones
Excellent Tablet for beginners and kids. The cameras and expandable memory are a big plus and this tablet is a steal at the price. Its not for everyone, you get what you pay for	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is the perfect size and power for any work or home use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the price! Highly Recommended! Comes with ads is the only downside	USB-C Charging Cable
Very hard to setup, but once thats done it works remarkably well.	Wired Headphones
It took a moment to figure out how to set it up, but once that was complete, it works amazingly. It is a little smaller than I prefer.	Google Phone
Good beginner/budget tablet. Worth the price. Happy with my purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
The perfect tablet for a beginner. Also at the super low price its hard to find a better bargain.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the ease of using the Kindle. This version also has a built in camera!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought the Amazon Fire 7 inch tablet on a BF whim while standing in the checkout line. Glad I did. Nice and compact. Fast. I'm using it daily and finding I can do more with it than I thought I could.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Affordable, versatile and easy to use whether it is for e-reading or searching the web.	USB-C Charging Cable
It has more features than the old rca tablet she had & has more memory & battery power plus u can get free ebooks	USB-C Charging Cable
Got 2 of these for my grandsons and they love them.	Flatscreen TV
My first real tablet. It works awesome for books and playing movies. Even though it is limited to only amazon apps it is fast and has a lot of free apps to play with. If your looking for a tablet to use for mostly internet I would look else where. It is limited to only one browser app that and the music play pack through headphones is kind of weak at least for my taste. Movies look & play great which is one of the things I wanted it for. Good battery life and overall quality. So for the price this is hard to beat.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought five of these for ages 4 to 14. They all loved them and were up and using them within 5 minutes. Was their favorite gift!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This new Kindle is very well built. Finally amazon got away from making the Kindles use a carousel to browse through apps. The speakers are of great quality and are very loud. This kindle is also extremely durable compared to nearly every tablet on the market. I've dropped this about 5 times already on my tile floor and there is virtually no damage.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good basic tablet for home and the kids. The only downside is that a credit/ debit card is required to link to the Amazon store even if you download a free app. I'm able to let the kids use apps and the Internet. I can limit the sites the kids can visit and apps they can use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I got this for my friend for Christmas & she was thrilled when she got it! I have an older one & use it all of the time. Very pleased with this product!	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is the best tablet I have ever owned. Everyone in my house now have one. Lightweight and perfect for reading e-books, playing games or just about anything. It even has parental controls. Very easy to use.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is showing it's age. I bought one for my 10 year old back when he was 7 and it was cool then. Picked up two on sale for my 4 and 5 year old so they can leave my phone alone and they like it. However it's slow when downloading apps and I constantly have to plug in my pin. Battery life isn't that great either especially when they stream movies so i still have to give up my phone . Overall still a decent product hood picture and they like it.	Wired Headphones
I bought it for a gift and the recipient loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great little tablet for taken on my commute to work.	USB-C Charging Cable
The main reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it's no iPad. It will be great for kids mostly. The screen quality is not the best.	iPhone
We love this tablet for our toddler. The built in parental controls are awesome. Just wish that it was open to Android market outside of Amazon for more apps.	Lightning Charging Cable
Another good buy for my daughter! Youngest one too! She enjoys being on it!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Easy to use for my non-tech sister! Screen is a little small, but it works for what she needs. Great value on ""Black Friday."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My requirement for this tablet was reading kindle ebooks and watching Netflix. I don't play games and no need of browsing on the table too. Bought it tablet on BF for $35 and found it to be a good value for reading. The only problem I faced is a couple of updates I received lately which have slowed down the performance a bit (that's why 4 stars). Watching Netflix is also good on this tablet.Overall worth the $35 I paid for it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got it for daughter Christmas they love it, I haven't figured out how to run it yet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i didn't knew about the product before i went to the best buy. Say the tablet with decent price and bought it so that i can give it as a gift. it works well.	Wired Headphones
Purchased this for my 8yr old son, glad I did. This is not to much for him to handle. He's reading, playing games, and he loves it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good tablet for a travel companion. Good for playing games, streaming movies and as a reading tablet. Can add other apps as well. .	USB-C Charging Cable
This is great tablet for anyone. It's an adriod tablet so it's different than the iPad features	Google Phone
I bought this for my daughters for Christmas but it has some limitations and doesn't let you do some stuff the other kindles did.	27in FHD Monitor
Great Christmas gift for a young adult. She loved it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got this on a lark for my 9 yr old and mother-in-law who does not have a smart phone because of the Black Friday price. It's good for the price, but the picture quality is okay. I hope it lasts.	Apple Airpods Headphones
After my grand kids fighting over my wife's Kindle in the car, we decided to get them each one for trips. Good first tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
Great little tablet. Exactly what we needed for our daughter. It works great around the house and she can play games while we roadtrip. Perfect for our needs.	
Just bought as a travel companion. Something to watch movies and play games on. So far it has been great. The picture is great. It's really clear.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I will use this on the plane to watch a movie or play some downloaded games. For the price on black Friday, you can't beat it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased this item for a book reader only. Kindle is one of the best as far as I am concerned.	USB-C Charging Cable
Not a bad basic tablet but is slow when loading apps	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent value and popular for all ages.Great for reading books and browsing the internet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this tablet for a nephew and they have thoroughly enjoyed it. They are able to do anything they want with it as well as it being an amazon product they have plenty of options to choose from when it comes to the games they want to play.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this on black Friday for 35 bucks for my 2 year old for youtube viewing, for my 2 year old it's amazing does the job decent battery.It's not that fast or the screen ain't that great but for 35 bucks you get what you pay forI think it's great for kids if you need to do serious stuff on tablet and thinking you can get away with it with this tablet definitely do not buy it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got this for my 9 year old for Christmas and he loves it light weight and its able to do so much	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My granddaughter enjoy being able to download her games and music and it's real easy for her being 8 years pld.	Wired Headphones
Got the most bang for the buck with this tablet. I would've given it 5 stars if it had Google play on it. Otherwise, it was quick with some of the apps that I downloaded on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The navigation on the tablet is easy to use. Its great for streaming movies. light weight and compact.	Lightning Charging Cable
First of all i like the price !!! Faster and take good photos	27in FHD Monitor
Extremely worth the money. Also with kindle they offer the underground app which gives you completely free games with in app purchases that are free. The same games cost 5 to 20 bucks on android and the apple store.For the price you cannot get a better tablet, I have had many tablets and for 50 bucks you can't go wrong.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good basic tablet.Good basic tablet.Good basic tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My husband has been a kindle fan from the first generation. This one was purchased on Black Friday for a discounted cost and using BB points. So, it was a great deal for a Christmas gift given to my mother in law. Great intro level tablet and for someone who reads more than works on their tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
Talk about a bang for the buck!!!! Using at this very moment to write this review!. Love it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet. It has lots of games and apps. My daughter loves it.	27in FHD Monitor
The service and shopping experience was great. The products are amazing.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave 3 out to kids for gifts, the kids love them. Will see how they hold up. They are not Ipads but for the price they are well worth it, right now	20in Monitor
Enjoyed a lot. Great tablet for the price: well worth the money spent! A bargain!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I hate the ads. They are annoying and you cannot get them off. It's super confusing how to even get to the home page	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I wanted to get my daughter one of these for Christmas, and I saw the price and could not pass it up.	USB-C Charging Cable
huge visual improvement for my on the go use. works just fine.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought four of these for Christmas gifts. Everyone really seems to enjoy them. I didn't realize that I could put the games I bought on amazon on all of them, bonus!	Flatscreen TV
Great value with a lot of capabilities and available aps. This was purchased to be my 13 yr olds first 'grown up' computer of her own. She is very satisfied.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got one for my grandma on Christmas and now I'm getting my son one too	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
GREAT FOR BUISNESS IF YOUR INTO WORKING CONSTRUCTION	Wired Headphones
Love, Love, Love, my hubby absolutely loves his new Kindle fire. Great picture and easy to use.	27in FHD Monitor
That's an average tablet, with considerable specs for the price, it stars fast, run apps fast, and the battery lasts for a while, around 4 hours of average use...The only limitation for me is that it doesn't have google store.If you have bought any app from that store, you'll have to buy them again from amazon store.But there are tutorials online teaching how to have google app store working on this tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought it for my daughter 5 years old. Works great for her. She can do some reading and common core problems.	27in FHD Monitor
This product has exceeded my expectations, great quality and design. The prize is unbelievable for a tablet of its kind.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's very light, comfortable to handle and very responsive.	Wired Headphones
At first I didn't think this equipment was of much value when someone pointed it out to me. However after I got to thinking about it, I considered how much easier it would be to use as opposed to the keyboard. After using it, I've found that's not only is it much easier & faster, it's much more accurate as well.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I went back to buy two more for a nephews and aunt.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great first tablet for someone. Very inexpensive and has everything you want on it	27in FHD Monitor
Love this tablet. Easy to use. Battery life great!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchased 2 of the Amazon Fire and I am very pleased not only with the product but the price was fantastic. The children are thrilled and they have found it very easy to operate.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet for the money. Would purchase again. Very fast	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
If everything continues to hold up then I will be a repeat buyer!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
BOTH CAMERAS WORK WELL. Videos are Great on this product. Down side is the on and off button seems to stick, I decided to see ifit can be fixed because I Like the product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet exceeded my expectations in so many ways! Bought the first a couple months ago for my son's 5th birthday, at this price, i wouldnt be heartbroken if he broke it. Then i got one for my niece, planning to get 2 more, see how excited i am about it? Well worth the price!!	Flatscreen TV
Great price. Maybe too small for those who need reading glasses but refuse to wear them during usage of tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Granddaughter loved it! It was a present for Christmas.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this tablet because I saw that it was at an affordable price point for me. With this, it's really not that bad. The only 2 things I've found to be able a little bit annoying is that it's a little awkward to hold/handle when I'm playing my games. The second issue I've found with this type of tablet is that it's made out of plastic & its noisy. The overall performance is quite impressive though. Good price point, with good intentions, just a little cheap feeling & a little big in the hands to hold.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
You can read books as well as browse the internet. It has cameras too.. Good buy and a recommended gift!!	ThinkPad Laptop
Nice little table for the price. So far it's working well for the family.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I sideloaded the .apk file for the Opera web browser from GetJar.com. Works flawlessly since FireOS is based upon Android. Nice little tablet all around.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great tablet for the price. The screen is pixelated but it's responsive and the touch screen works fine. Would buy again	Apple Airpods Headphones
This Kindle Fire tablet was a Christmas gift. The recipient is over joyed thus far.	Google Phone
Had nothing but prblems wasnt satisfied at all and will never buy agian	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my 15 year old who swore she wouldn't use any tablet. To her suprise not mine she loves it. She can listen to music, watch videos, and play games any where in the house. I got this on Black Friday for $35 so it was practically free but even at the full price of $50 it is well below the average price of all knock off tablets.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Best tablet for the price!Bought 2 of this and enjoying a lot!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for surfing the web, books, You Tube and email so far. Love the size too .	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love my tablet best one so far. It's light weight and easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
We got a great holiday deal on this tablet. The set up was easy and it made a great gift.	LG Washing Machine
Great tablet for beginners to use. Easy operating system	Wired Headphones
The tablet was great, the performance and the price is excellent.	USB-C Charging Cable
We got two of these for our kids. They have put them down. Great price for kids!	Wired Headphones
We like this product. I would definitely recommend this product.	Wired Headphones
With knowing not much about Amazon (since I don't use the website much), this is a great first tablet. Easy to use and navigate.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Easy to use. Lightweight and just right for a child. Screen provides great pics and connects easily to internet. Great buy!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great gift for my niece and you can't beat the price	Macbook Pro Laptop
this is our go to when we are shopping online. It also has a very good functionality when dealing with kids it gives the admin the ability to limit what kids can see.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
great for teen agers and easy to use and set up small enough to take as you travel lots off apps to choose from long battery life as well would buy again and would reckomend this to every one even at a great price as well	Vareebadd Phone
this kindle was for my 3yr old so she would stop using mine. she really enjoys it and caught on really quickly to the updates compared to mine that was purchased 2 yrs prior.	Google Phone
I got this during black Friday for a great price. I know this is essentially their older tablet but it still has a decent processor and has a micro SD slot for cheap expandable storage.In short it runs great and I set up a child's profile for my son so he can play the apps we added for him and don't have to worry about him running up charges etc because of the child profile.	20in Monitor
Great for kids and adults looking for a quick tablet. Was surprised at how fast it downloads games and etc.	Vareebadd Phone
Very nice tablet and great for kids and being able to set timeverything limits for children's profiles. My only this is a little different to locate and find apps for downloading without amazon.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My little girl loves it and she can do so many things with it and the sound was a little to good because now I have to buy her some bluetooth headphones	Apple Airpods Headphones
Backup tablet not a lot of apps to chose from battery life decent. Good tablet for kids	USB-C Charging Cable
My Nephew wanted a tablet for Christmas so I decided to try him with this one since he's only 10, he loves it. This is really a great gift for someone.	iPhone
I have been a kindle user for years and I expect a certain level of quality. This version falls short. Constantly freezes.	Lightning Charging Cable
A fantastic tablet for the price. It's not HD but the display is very sharp and vibrant. A great tablet for kids and teens.	20in Monitor
Works great for my 6 year old grandson! he loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have heard so many great things about the Fire so I bought it as a starter tablet for a relative.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for the price - $50. I just wanted something to surf the net from my couch and this is perfect. I haven't tried using it as a reader yet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
EXCELLENT PRODUCT THE PRICE AND THE QUALITY ARE GOOD	27in FHD Monitor
It works well and you can do a lot of things on it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet can be summed up in four words.Phenomenal performance/minimal cost	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves how easy it is to navigate through the apps	USB-C Charging Cable
Great apps for music and overall very fast and satisfying.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I wasn't expecting much for the price but I really enjoy using it. I mainly play games on this device. I would totally recommend this device to anyone.	iPhone
not as good as the first kindle fire I got and ok product.	Wired Headphones
I like it for my kids and think it is a great tablet for adults too	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I ordered this as I had already purchased one for myself and I found that my 4 year old son could use it quite easily and loved the games on it. I also has purchased the 2 year no questions asked insurance. I like that I can set time limits, when the device can wake and when it can sleep. How much time should be spent for educational work vs play or movies. I like the heft of it and not having to worry how much it costs in case either of my children decide to throw it across the room. I have a child with autism and learned the hard way that electronic devices can become air borne in a moments notice for no reason at all. So I am no longer willing to spend hundreds of dollars on a tablet.Also, I had purchased a Galaxy Tab 4 and found that I couldn't use Amazon Apps on the secured profile side unless I installed the app on ""that"" side which would give my children access to purchasing apps. I was not going to do that which rendered any amazon apps useless on the Galaxy Tab 4. I also found that my older son wanted the Amazon apps from the Amazon underground store that my youngest son was playing. When I looked on Google Play for them, those same apps to put on the Tab 4 were $10 a piece!! Being they were Disney apps. Well, this tablet has virtually paid for itself in my opinion and now both my children are happy. I have insurance on both so I am not worried about them breaking them. I don't have to match $10 apps on another device. My children read books and watch movies, or play apps, so the internet isn't really a concern, as it is a little slow but not painful.Overall, I definitely would buy it again and I would recommend it. Very happy with my purchase as it suits my needs."	iPhone
Perfect for beginners or for anyone that wants great tablet at a great price although it's cheaper than when the original was released it still has the same greatness as it's predecessors for 1 forth of the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love the Amazon fire.Great for all ages, love parent control option. Great for every day on the go use. From movies,games , reading, and even to keep track of emails and friends. :0)	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this on Black Friday because of the $35 price. I wanted one since I enjoyed using my wife's. This one is a little smaller than hers, but it works wonderful. I have a lot of books downloaded & about 5 games. It has 8gb of memory so it can't handle a ton of games. It can handle those no problem. I really enjoy reading on this before bed and when I need to pass time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. Easy to setup. Great video quality...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is embarrassing. I purchased one game from amazon app store. The app crashed right away after I started it. I don't know how Amazon tested all these apps on their own device. But the experience is really bad.	Wired Headphones
Purchased for a friends 3 year old. The parental controls are great and the price was more than reasonable for this kind of gift.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for my 8 year old son, and he loves it. He can read his favorite books and play his games. Great for both education and games!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for internet, mail, calander, reading books, etc.	Wired Headphones
The Tablet was better than expected.Excellent Choice on my part.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Kindle fire is a great product. Will do so many things. Would recommend to anyone.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is an awesome little inexpensive tablet. It isn't the fastest but it gets the job done well. I just surf the web and watch videos online. I also downloaded the Spotify app and listen to music. Next I'll download Netflix. It gets the job done very well.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I got this tablet for my nephews so they could play games and it is a good tablet!	Vareebadd Phone
We bought these for our grandchildren they were a hit.	Wired Headphones
This product is a basic tablet that gets the job done. I wasn't looking for an established brand name tablet. Just something basic for a few apps I use and surfing the web and this tablet was well within my budget.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Super great deal! Can't get a tablet for this price anywhere! Kids love it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased these for my grandchilden and they have really enjoyed using them and downloading new games to play.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good purchase for the money but the screen is smaller than I anticipated.	27in FHD Monitor
I've been hemming and hawing about what eReader to buy for a while. This does everything I need a ebook to do.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Paid $35 on sale. This tablet offers great capability for most people. Very good item for Amazon Prime members. Not the greatest specs but works fine. The ads aren't too annoying. The micro-SD slot allows you to put lots of music/video on this unit.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves her new tablet no complaint she is happy and doing well I will probably buy one for me	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent and affordable product. It came as advertised. Not top of the line, but not at the end of the line. More than a fair product. Good and fast.Can handle almost all thrown at it. Resolution is passable.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my mom and she has had no problem using it.	Wired Headphones
Unbelievable price, and everyone loves it (I Bought 6 for gifts)	Flatscreen TV
I purchased this product for my neice as a gift, the camera isn't very good, but other than that it has all the features she needs to play games, watch movies, stream music, and she even uploaded some of her music from her music libarary for listening. Has NetFlix and Prime Movies if you have a subscription.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 12yr old daughter loves it, she did not want an expensive high end tablet. This tablet is very light, very good sound and fast. The plastic screen does not feel of any less quality than a glass screen.	
I bought the Fire for my husband who is a senior citizen but does not use a computer. He loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easily stored very lightweight keeps me entertained	27in FHD Monitor
My first tablet and I really enjoy it. Portable and efficient	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We absolutely love the Kindle Fire. Much better than a regular tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This Kindle Fire will replace my 1st generation Fire which was awful except for reading books. The new one lets me do almost anything I wanted: surf the web, read and reply to emails, read e-books, play games, etc. So much better than the old one.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Really good tablet for kids. Easy for kids to used it.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought this for my 3 yr old niece and she can't get enough of it.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my granddaughter she loves it was a hit at Christmas good first tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Grandkids love it. Got a great price. Bought as a replacement for their broken samsung.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have 2 other tablets that I use. It doesn't work well as a tablet. I bought to use as a kindle. It works great as a cheaper kindle.	ThinkPad Laptop
Had to return TWO tablets b/c they had dead pixels. Third was fine!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet for its price point. The Apps are easy to use and the durability of the tablet is great.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I love my new Amazon 7"" Tablet..I think its the perfect size and now I can do everything on it, from checking email to watching NETFLIX. Theres tons of apps to get and lots of kindle books to download. I did purchase a 32gb card after reading other reviews but I havent needed it so far ."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought a total of 7 of these and the kids love them! Caught them on Black Friday for $34.99...best money I spent!	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is fourth one.As I upgrade I give my old ones to my kids and bought some for the family.	Wired Headphones
great tablet for the price ! my 9 year old daughter loved it !!	Wired Headphones
This is a great little tablet. I can go on line, watch movies, check email, play games and more.	iPhone
The kids love there new tablet and it got here so fast that I was shocked I only like shopping at Best Buys	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for kids or if you just want something to mess around on	27in FHD Monitor
The tablet is up to date technology. My daughter surf the internet fast and no slow download.	LG Washing Machine
Got this as a christmas present for a 5 year old. The tablet has an excellent kids mode that he can navigate easily to play games or watch videos.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very small and handy, very easy to use, and Perfect for travel.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
All apps I like for free, great video quality for Netflix, easy to order from Amazon site.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love it and would definitely recommend! Has great picture	iPhone
We bought these kindles for a gift for the kids on Black Friday. The price was amazing and they are durable. I know we will get our money out of them. I love that there is parental control, you can password protect areas where you don't want the kids to discover yet. Overall, great value for the price.	Wired Headphones
I dont like ads, amazon needs to find a better way to advertise.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The box was well protected and shipping was on time, very satified	Flatscreen TV
The the price and size it works well my mother loves it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a pretty easy, comfortable fit for my grandson.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet as a gift for a preteen to purchase ebooks . So far it's been working good. Good price good starter tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Small but easy to use. Good selection of kid friendly apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
You can't buy a lousy no brand for this price. Kid friendly. Don't you cringe when your wife gives her brand new iPhone or iPad to the 2 year old. Download apps and a movie or two from Disney and you can have a long peaceful drive in the car with a happy child. If you've bought movies with digital copies you can download them to this device for free. You need to buy a memory chip to expand memory capacity. Plenty of free apps on amazon as well. We bought several on black Friday and have no regrets..	USB-C Charging Cable
4out of the 6kindles I purchased does not work. the date and time will not set properly therfore it is unable to connect to the wifi. contacted amazon, they acknowledged the problem but directed me back to best buy since they have a 30day back return policy on this product. Well I am unable to make it back into the store by the time the return policy is up.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's nice to have a small tablet to have for email and to store pictures with the micro sd slot. Nice screen and ability to store Amazon prime movies to view without a wifi connection.	Lightning Charging Cable
It downloads any book you want, I'm an Amazon prime customer with books unlimited and I love reading any book I want as many time I want for just 9.99 a month. The kindle is just the right size and shows grrreeat!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have been quite impressed with what a wonderful tool my new Kindle is for such a low price! My wife loves it!!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchased this for my 3yr old and he loved it. No problems once so ever. For the price it was a still.	USB-C Charging Cable
The person who received this tablet is very happy she received this gift!. She loves having it.	ThinkPad Laptop
keeps me busy great tablet I am always home bored now I am stuck on Netflix and play my games do my homework log into to work	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle Fire is easy and afordable for books,games, movies all on one device. I have owned 2 other Kindles in the past and will purchase another one when the time comes to replace the one i have now.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it on Black Friday for my aunt who isn't very technologically inclined. All she does is check her emails and watch videos on Netflix/Youtube. Works great for simple tasks such as that.	USB-C Charging Cable
Christmas gift for my nieces & they absolutly loved them.....	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We purchased this tablet for our 3 year old daughter. She loves playing learning and interactive games. This is great!!!!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
awesome basic gadget for its price! no need for a more expensive one when you have it all.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for the price. Easy to use. User friendly	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I cant comment much on the operation of this device as it was bought as a gift. But the price is super and past experience with Kindle readers promices you will get a excellent bang for the buck.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great entry-level tablet for someones first tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased 2 of these for my kids. They work very good. No quite as solid as original kindle fire.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son received this as a gift and he enjoys it. It is used for playing games and watching YouTube videos. Great buy for cost.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Tablet is very simple and easy to use daughter loves it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My boyfriend absolutely loves his Christmas present !	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet for my 6 year old son. The tablet has a nice screen resolution, stay charged for a long period of time and carries a lot of free apps. For the price you are definitely getting more than what you are paying for. I have purchased this item for all 3 of my kids they never complain about the tablet not working or freezing.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave as gift works good so far, others have one and have enjoyed	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Pretty good tablet!! Memory is lacking a little bit but for the price you can't beat it. Also they are not as many apps compared to Apple or Android but again you are paying for a whole lot less for this product compared to Apple and Samsung. If you are used to the Amazon Fire product then you will like this.	Wired Headphones
This is just what I wanted. Lives up to my expectations and the price was right.	Google Phone
I checked out several other brands before I bought this one. In my opinion this is the best product for the price. It was easy to set up and easy to use. It opened a new door of entertainment possibilities.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very nice basic kindle fire. Amazon has improved the fire quite a bit.	USB-C Charging Cable
Just love my new tablet. I have had a kindle fire for 4 years and it was messing up badly so I needed a new one badly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was the perfect gift for my Neice and nephew I bought two	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this on Black Friday for $35.00. Bought it for my wife and she loves it for Web surfing.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am not really a fan of tablets but when this one came out it had my attention... I bought it as a gift to surprise my husband with and he absolutely loves it..... love the fact that you can set the background and it's not as hard to operate like the older kindles...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought our fire on black Friday for $35, and bought a 64gb SD card for it for $15. Now we have a 72GB kindle fire for $50. You cant beat that. We haven't had any issues with it at all.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We gott this at a great price on black friday for my nephew. Lowest price we found anywhere.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's great for the price but always freezes and stalls maybe it's just nine since I put a 32gb memory card in there so it takes time to load. The price makes it worth it and the fact that you expand the memory to what you want	Wired Headphones
The fire tablet is a very nice tablet. Good memory, and a nice HD screen. Would recommend! Most definitely :)	Macbook Pro Laptop
Amazon fire is a good size to carry about and easy to use.You can do so much with it just like a small computer as wellAs being an e-reader. Excellent buy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is extremely easy to use. There are a wide selection of books and apps available.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The product is very nice. It is very useful and the battery life is great. It crashes every once in a while but apart from that it is an excellent product to gift to someone due to the convenient price!	USB-C Charging Cable
Very reponsive processor high quality display expandable storage up to 128gb via sd card lots of free apps via amazon app store decent battery life and inexpensive price what more can you ask for!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Im not a huge fan of the striped down android sytem. No google app store. But pretty powerful for the $35 I got it for. Plays movies , expandable memory, so-so speaker, and of course as far as e reading goes, it works.	USB-C Charging Cable
I like it ,it's money well spent. I will recommend it .	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my mom who didn't have a tablet at the time and she had no idea what to do with it, but with very little help from me she figured it out through the tutorials provided. The screen isn't as large as I would've hoped but it does the job.	Wired Headphones
Can't find a better tablet for the price, Apple should take a page from the Amazon book	USB-C Charging Cable
"Counting back, this is my 5th Kindle since they came out. I've never had to replace one that ""died"", but sometimes I want the newer features. This one is to replace the older ""books only"" unit that is starting to be un-cooperative that I take to work for reading during lunch. I'd have probably just gotten another ""reading only"" unit, like a paperwhite, but these were less expensive.Pluses, can carry movies, music, etc, like my Kindle HD Fire. Can easily let me shop on Amazon, can access free ""underground"" apps, (i really don't need it for games though), and it is simple to use.Minus, uses power quickly, like the Kindle Fire HD, I have to charge it daily to every other day. I set a password (VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED), to prevent unauthorized uses or purchases. It has given me minor problems with books by marking that I was on a different page than where I stopped, and it ""links"" to the other Kindles and they go to that page as well. For some reason, accessories, like cases are more expensive. If you want to store a good deal more, you require an SD chip, ($11 for 32 GB)."	Wired Headphones
This was a good proce and does what it needs too for the price!	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet because it was on sale and i had heard it was a good entry level tablet. It is quick on the touch response. Camera is decent but not the best. Its good to view videos.	Flatscreen TV
Bought 3 of these black Friday for my kids they seem to be doing good so far hopefully they last.	ThinkPad Laptop
Fire is still a good tablet and a great tablet for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this kindle as a replacement for my daughter's other kindle whose screen was cracked but still functional. She loves it and she loves the OS. She doesn't really miss that it's not HD. I didn't get an SD card yet but since she has most things in the cloud it isn't really necessary at this point.	Wired Headphones
the amazon fire sucks the pictures and camera sucks and blurry as can be	Wired Headphones
Very good for kids. Good quality. We couldn't see any problem.	Google Phone
Very easy to operate. It is a great size, and light weight. It is good for games, books, and pictures. I love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I belive this tab is one of the best low priced tab on the market. There are a lot of free apps and the screen resolution is supurb I would recomond this tab highly!	iPhone
I bought this Kindle for my 14-yr old daughter, Kennedy. She hates it so it's now mine! I love how small it is-fits in my handbag perfectly!	Lightning Charging Cable
I really happy and satisface with all my thingsThank you so much..	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this one for only $ 35, added a 64 GB Micro SD and a nice cover. It's not an iPad, it's not Nexus, it doesn't run Android (well, kinda...), but I got a high quality and well equipped tablet for less than a hundred dollars.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
How can you go wrong with a 35.00 tablet on black Friday deals.I should of bought more when I had the chance	Wired Headphones
Great for the kids and the parents! We purchased for our kids and myself, easy to use for all of us.	Vareebadd Phone
there was so much to choose from on black Friday that I wished I had enough money to buy everything. nice tablets amazing deal.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For 35$ to get a reputed tablet is a no brainer. I am enjoying it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great also love how it it capable of more storage and child proof	USB-C Charging Cable
Good quality touch compared to other low priced tabs .. Poor on apps .Good for children to play around.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got it for my daughter and she loves it and I love the child age range usage	Lightning Charging Cable
Good product for the price and if you're looking for a basic tablet this is perfect. I ended up getting an iPad mini 2 as well but this will suffice the basic user.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought 3 PS4 games for a great price. And I just love my fire tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect gift for my nephew. He is 10 and loves to play games and his mom loves the parental control feature.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this because my iPad 4th gen gave up on me and it a waste of money to buy a new one so I got this amazon kindle fire for $34.99. Its a good deal for a replacement so I don't have to use my phone to check my emails...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I feel giving a kindle to kids is better than losing an iPad	20in Monitor
I got this tablet on thanksgiving night sales for my 7 year grandson he loves it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was a total smart technology novice when I purchased my lil' tablet on Black Friday for abt.35 bucks...did not own a single smart gadget -- I still have a dumb phone. I am pleased to say that the lil' tablet is pretty easy to use and does lots of fun tricks, so to speak. Thank you lil' tablet for bringing me, painlessly, into the 21st. century! I would certainly recommend it to a beginner like myself and I don't think it is beneath the consideration of a tech saavier person.	Wired Headphones
Don't support google.. My son could not view his grade.	Google Phone
Got this on Black Friday as a gift. Kids luv it.Touch response is not very smooth	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Even though you need to have a Amazon prime membership to fully exploit the tab , it comes at a very very cheap price.	Wired Headphones
Love this gift for my dad he couldn't get it charged fast enough to play his poker games! Great price & so worth his smile on his face!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very simple design which makes it very easy for me to navigate through any screen.	USB-C Charging Cable
I own a kindle fire hd 1st gen. No issues still to this day. Battery is still like new after 3 + years of use. I bought this new Kindle for a gift and its been running great with no issues. Bought myself a samsung tab 4. Junk. This kindle even boots faster than the tab 4. Touch screen much better than the tab 4.	ThinkPad Laptop
This item was bought as a gift and it did not disappoint the person whom I bought it for.	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the price even without the Black Friday price of $35 this is a solid tablet. The new UI for Amazon tablets is much better and it runs smooth. Apps are butter and there is no lag in navigation of the home screen or between apps. I bought this for my little sisters ages 5 & 7 and my parents love the parental controls limiting play time on the tablet. The full experience comes only if you have Amazon prime which is also highly recommended	USB-C Charging Cable
This is great if you need a bigger screen than your phone when you're commuting to and from work on the train or wherever you go	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my boy, he is too happy to play games and no issues so far.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter is 6 and she plays with everyday and my son had one last year good quality	Wired Headphones
Everything you could want in a tablet including Bluetooth. Some popular game apps not available. The camera is very poor quality. Hard to find an inexpensive shockproof case. I got it for $35 on black Friday and it does the job well.	iPhone
35 dollar black friday day deal. My nephews love it.	Google Phone
I own a first generation Kindle Fire, as well as a second generation. I purchased these for my two grandchildren and one for a student in my classroom. These are much better than my Kindle Fires. Good cameras that are not on the original, and they have much better picture quality. The ads are not obtrusive. Definitely recommend this product.	Wired Headphones
Excellent screen to view movies and browse the net.	USB-C Charging Cable
This Tablet is awesome. Easy to set up and navigate.Compact. Easy to hold.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet had been great. So much better than the old tablet we had.	27in FHD Monitor
great value at #35 . great for a kids tablet. you dont worry about kids breaking an expensive tablet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Touch is not good. Also very limited apps on amazon app store.	iPhone
Recommended great electronic. Great for birthday or Christmas	Lightning Charging Cable
Really satisfied with my purchase it's a good product for those just starting to get familiar with using tablets. Amazons a good product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought as gifts for my parents. Good tablet for introducing them to smart devices.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price it seems like a very good tablet. I was disappointed that it came with absolutely NO instructions. So if you were new to tablets you could find yourself at a complete loss as to how to set it up.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like the amazon stream with this tablet. Fast and good quality.	Lightning Charging Cable
You can't go wrong for $50.00 The only thing is that the graphics and speed aren't the best.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The price is something you can't beat... but it can be misleading.Pretty much every function and app required you to buy something, not much you can do for free. But still worth it for such low price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it on Black Friday got a great deal nice little tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted a small tablet for reading books, checking email, reading the news and going on Facebook. It works great, and is much less expensive than an iPad.	Wired Headphones
Great little tablet . Kids love it !! Does everything that I expected it to do!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is nice for the price. Recommended for kids or an adult who doesn't need a large screen.	20in Monitor
You can use this for reading, surfing the net, taking pictures. The best deal and product you can get for near nothing. I bought 10 and have them to my now best friends.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my daughter. She loves it! I love the free time app.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Initially was purchasing this for my 2 yr old nephew but after I received it I could not part with it and bought him another cheaper brand.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought 3 of these for my children for christmas and they love them! Great tablet for game apps they have had a blast playing theirs! So far we haven't had any technical issues such as lagging etc. I would highly recommend this to a mom of kids that love to play games this is a perfect purchase for you!	Flatscreen TV
I got this smaller kindle for my kids and I loved it and so did they!	Wired Headphones
Hard to figure out to use this tablet can't figure out how to close apps. Also says no storage to run wifi. Lastly bought three of them and one is not working wish it came with a user guide	Flatscreen TV
Good value for the price, though a little slow loading some apps.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Worth for the price paid. Love this product so much	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids had an RCA tablet before and this is definitely an upgrade! Overall quality is better!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My mom loved it! User friendly even for the non-techie!	USB-C Charging Cable
This little tablet I bought for my dad who is totally new to the tablet experience. He now loves it. He is now top of news and YouTube. I think it's great deal the amount the money spent. Of course camera is bad but speakers are good enough	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought two of these for my great grand children. I charged them and played around on them before I have it to them and I wish I had bought one for myself. Everything worked great. I think this is a great purchase.	ThinkPad Laptop
Got this for one of my foster kids, he just love it. He cried when he received it. Another satisfied customer. Yea for the Carter home.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet was a gift and we are very happy with the standard options on the tablet. It's easy to use ,has a camera and is a great size .	Google Phone
She was happy about it and can't get enough of this tablet	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my daughter as a replacement from a broken tablet it's very easy to use for my child	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for kids 10+ . My wife uses it to read on long drives	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased several of these for gifts. Everyone loved them. Works great and easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
You get what you pay for with this kindle fire. Excellent as a Kindle for reading books, but not great for using the Internet. I am used to using another tablet which is much quicker and I was frustrated using the Kindle... It doesn't measure up to other tablets. Still worth the $ for a decent reading device.	Wired Headphones
Bought as a gift. It was a bit smaller then expected but measured as described. Good value for the price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Perfect for a little book reader, movie viewer, or small game player. Can't beat it for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It did not meet my expectations and was pretty slow.	Google Phone
Excellent bargain for the price. Very compact, will fit nicely in a purse. Lot of storage capacity...can carry a small.library and give you notebook features with all the bells and whistles of a Kindle. If you're a reader on the go this is a great buy!	Wired Headphones
We bought this for our second grader. It is great for her practice math apps, her daily reading, and fun time too! Plus it grows with her. As she gets older and likes different games, apps, etc., old stuff is radily erased and new stuff added	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I start out with one tablet and love it so much, end up bought 3 more. The tablet is very nice for kids.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to set up and navigate. Got two for my parents	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
thin and excellent design!most of all, the Amazon fire price was good for thanksgiving gifts.Kids and Youth liked very much!	Wired Headphones
I got this to replace a Sony reader--can't get books for it anymore. That's all I really wanted it for, but I have played around with it to go on-line or check e-mail. Pretty easy to use (but it comes with next to NO instructions). If anything, it comes preloaded with too much stuff. But they are all freebies, so I don't care. I like being able to adjust the type face size, turning the page with a flick of my finger and always coming back to where I am in my book if I put the system to sleep. It has a back lit screen, so I can read in bed or in the dark even without disturbing my husband. I'm very happy with it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Took around 2 and a half days for the you tube to start the video.... But its decent enough once it started... You can never be sure when it is gonna work and when not	ThinkPad Laptop
We bought 3 of these for niece and nephews and they absolutely love it. The price is very reasonable for the product.	Google Phone
Picked this up on Black Friday for about $40. It works great for another tablet sitting in the living room for a quick internet search and apps to control tv and Sonos.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Fire Tables is really easy to read books on and play games and it stays charged for a long time...	Wired Headphones
Like the fact I can watch netflix on it. Daughters loved theirs!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased a Amazon - Fire - 7 Tablet for my husband who has never used one. It was easy to set up .To help him get started, I moved the apps that he wanted to use to the top of the screen. In no time he was taking and storing his pictures and searching the internet.. The only thing we wish it would do better is turn on faster.	Google Phone
Good tablet for the price. Nothing flashy and does the job. Play games, search the Internet listen to music and watch movies.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire tablets are taking the market by storm, Black Friday prices were hard to pass up.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my 3 year old daughter. It is a great tablet. She loves it and it works great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Like the price. We have 5 kids so these tablets are the way to go. One of the negatives is that if you drop it its very fragile. And you can not get Instagram on these tablets which bummed my older kids.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for my son to use and he loves it. I did the initial setup which was easy since we have an Amazon account. Otherwise there's a ton of free games using Amazon underground.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Awesome for the price and great for the kids when you are traveling	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great product for a beginner. I bought four in the past month.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's better than the 1st version kindle with Internet access	Wired Headphones
The amount of features on this tablet for the price makes it an easy pick for young readers.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it for 34 $ during thanks giving. This is average product. I would suggest to go for Fire HD.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Best present to me!!!. It goes everywhere that I go	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is easy to use. Good for kids. Get a case !	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this new tablet because it has expandable memory.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought a couple of these for gifts. Great for all ages. My 60 year old aunt loves it as does my 12 year old nephew.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this at Christmas when they were on sale. Works great for what I need it for. Liked it so much bought two more for family.	Wired Headphones
We bought the tablet as a gift for my daughter. It has great restrictions. You can set time limits for learning versus playtime. Excellent picture/screen quality.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought two of these tablets for my stepson and mother-in-law for Christmas. Not bad items for the price. Basic tablets,basic features, nothing special about them. They use them for connecting to the internet, playing games and watching movies. This tablet does this well on wi-fi. I expect them to perform well for the next couple of months.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Amazon Fire Tablet: Catch up on your reading or browse the Web with this tablet, which offers access to Amazon Underground, so you can download apps and games and discover exciting new entertainment. Front and rear cameras let you capture memorable moments or chat with friends	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My mom is 89 and has a hard time with technology. This Kindle is simple and easy for her to use. It has fulfilled all of her basic needs.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is going well for me and my son likes the app store	Lightning Charging Cable
The amazon tables were great Christmas gift the kids love them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Does what they want, games, educational apps, and has parental controls.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this to replace my original Kindle just to read ebooks, thinking the back light would be a nice feature. I really didn't think I would use the other features but I have found that I really like being able to check my email & surf the web without lugging my laptop around. My wife has a more expensive tablet but my Fire does everything hers does. I love it!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love the Kindle fire. I have a nook from a few years ago and the Kindle has so much more. Very user-friendly, great price!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love this tablet and I love the price so it's a win win situation	27in FHD Monitor
Price is affordable but Display pix is very less compared other products in the market for the same price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We now own 4 Kindle Fires, they keep getting better. Very pleased	Wired Headphones
Bought the fire for both my grandkids. They love being able to surf the web and play games.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought on Black Friday for at a decent discount. Would be a really nice product if I were an Amazon Prome member.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon Fire tablet is easy to use, easy to download books, and I love it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A little difficult for inexperienced to setup but good price.	Wired Headphones
Finally an affordable name brand tablet with all the bells and whistles. Amazon has outdone it's self with this little gem.	Google Phone
Amazing price in black fire use it with an iPad to watch Amazon prime	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I liked this tablet very much. Actually bought one for me and one to gift to my cousin. Hope she will like it too	Lightning Charging Cable
kid love this, it can use for multipurpose game, video......	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My tablet is great and my kids love it's there Christmas gift. Now they can leave my iPad alone for now on.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for the money and a newbie who has never used a tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
Slow, advertisements on home screen are annoying can be stopped for a fee	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet is awesome and for an awesome price. It replaced my laptop so much more convenient and easier to carry.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We purchased this for me primarily as a reader. Great size in my hand. This is a first tablet for me as well. It does so much more than a simple reader. We got a second Fire for my fatherl for Christmas. It is his first tablet. He is excited to learn how to use it well.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a wonderful tablet. The processor is fast. I'm able to watch movies with no buffering. Tons of apps. This is an excellent value!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased for each grandchild to use. So far they seem very pleased	27in FHD Monitor
It is okay does what it is suppose to amazon is kind of annoying but otherwise good buy	Google Phone
Great tablet great price nice clarity would recommend to others	USB-C Charging Cable
For under $50, it's cheap and so so with stocked firmware BUT you can root it then put a new custom firmware on it, After such you are no longer have many annoying pop up and adware from Amazon and I feel like my Fire Table is now worth at leat 2 times more than what I have paid for it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Inexpensive tablet to read ebooks, check emails and watch videos.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good for everyday use. But it better fits people who are a bit experienced	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Like the function as a Prime member - easy access to prime movies, books, etc.Its a tad slow - and every time you turn it on or unlock theres an Ad. Oh well	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's great for kids at this price, not its not an iPad. Can only buy from kindle, so apps are somewhat limited. This edition added a SD slot to add storage!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a competent tablet at a bargain price. Unfortunately it is crippled by a useless operating system. Amazon's take on Android essentially removes all functionality that makes Android great, to force you to use their services and apps INSTEAD of Google's.If you're a tinkerer or don't mind doing some software hacking, this is a pretty easy fix. You can hack Google's apps and services back into it, resulting in an amazing, and amazingly cheap Android tablet.Unless you're willing to do, or hire someone to do, those software modifications, you'll probably be disappointed. If you are, it'll be the best cheap tablet you'll ever own.It looks like it might be great for kids, even in its stock state. I don't have kids, so I could not test that. But I added a star for that possibility.Unmodified: 2 starsModified: 5 stars	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought a 7' kindle on Black Friday for $34.00. What a great price for a great gift..	Wired Headphones
I ended up getting this Fire for $35 on Black Friday for my youngest son. Great price and great product, easy to use and set up.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Even after reading the reviews about it being slow I decided to go head any purchase it. Didn't thick it was going to be this slow	Wired Headphones
I like my new tablet which I use only for my reading.	Google Phone
First Amazon Fire tablet, previously had a first gen kindle, love this tablet and cannot beat the price $35!Working wonderfully -	Wired Headphones
The Amazon Fire 7 tablet is a great tablet for the money (Got it during Black Friday for $35, but even at $50 is still a good deal). You can get most apps on the Amazon Underground store for free, and most add-ons for the apps are even free, compared to .99 cents each for apple devices. Only drawback for my preference, is that there isn't a facetime app to videochat with other Apple device users with. Other than that, pretty much any other iOS app is available for the Amazon Fire. Videos play very well, not HD quality, but not bad either. This is a great tablet for anyone looking for a portable device to browse the internet, check emails, facebook, etc, and for the price, it can't be matched by any other tablet on the market.	Lightning Charging Cable
This Amazon Fire tablet is an excellent barebones tablet that is great for checking email and surfing ineternet keeping tabs on facebook and twitter! At 50 bucks ya can't go wrong!	Wired Headphones
I love this little tablet! I can do all my school work on it. Great value.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really like it it works well . It's very easy to use .	USB-C Charging Cable
I ordered these for all of my grandkids. Easy to use. Just turned them on and ready to go.	Wired Headphones
Movies were great. Would recommend to all my friends and family!	Google Phone
My 7 year old loves his new kindle. As soon as he opened it and we got it updated he was off and running with it. He played on it all day, until he had to put it on the charger.	Macbook Pro Laptop
You get what you pay for. Definitely not an iPad but they work great for our kids	Wired Headphones
Very good tablet to gift somebody. I bought for my niece.	27in FHD Monitor
"Very nice gadget for Kindle users. The 7"" display is apt for reading"	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet to take to my classes. It's very compact and handy!	Macbook Pro Laptop
It does almost all the things the more expensive Kindles do for a lot less $. Screen resolution is decent and it is a nice e reader.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good tablet but you could find a better one in market within same price range. The one thing I don't like is the brightness , it's poor.And amazon could have given a better FaceTime camera., that's really bad.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This case is great. It feels very secure around my tablet. I'm much more confident carrying my Fire around. Love the fact that it stands either portrait or landscape.	USB-C Charging Cable
My godson loves it. He's only 4 and thinks this is the best thing ever.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This Tab is not for grown ups... neither for work nor for entertainment... the Amazon Fire OS has a long way to go..!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price this is a great tablet kid friendly as easy to use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Fire tablet is very simple and sufficient for internet browsing. Amazan Fire is at reasonable cost and cheap.	iPhone
Its a good tablet with very nice screen and functions. As with amazon fire tablets , you are stuck with apps on amazon and you may not get too many variety and good quality apps. If you are ok with Amazon apps, this is a fine nice tablet.. If you need good and verities of apps, go for android tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My niece was very excited with the use of this product. using it like table and comparing it to an ipad.	Google Phone
I bought this for my 3 year old twins and they love it. It is very easy for them to use with kids free time.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet as a gift. It is a nice little tablet for the money!	Lightning Charging Cable
Was a gift for 5 year Olds, as far as I know they like them	ThinkPad Laptop
Hard to set up an email. Also it's difficult to navigate with until you use it for quite a while	Lightning Charging Cable
We love the great products that Amazon offers!!! We can p!lay games and chat with family and friends at the same time. I never considered purchasing the tablet due to cost. However, shopping for holiday season for my family they absolutely love the products.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great price and cool gadget. Bigger then my phone which makes it easier to read eBooks.	Wired Headphones
Love it! I use it for reading and Netflix and hulu	Wired Headphones
Works good and for $35 buy 2! Does exactly what I needed	Google Phone
GreAt Sceen love to watched movies and my favorite tv snows!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works as good as it should for the price. Its a little outdated...but for streaming tv and books its ok	Apple Airpods Headphones
had the fire hd 7inch reader.. love the new tablet can do so much more and great value for a tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It functions well and meets all my needs as an entry level tablet. The only downside is that everything on it is geared toward amazon but the price makes up for it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Hello I got this product for my daughter and she loves it. Best Tablet under $50.	Product
Force update when turned it on for the first time. Have to wait for an hour with nothing to do on the tablet. Really bad user experience.	20in Monitor
I liked it. Would be better if battery lasts longer. Great if you use Amazon or shop a lot there. I still love my iPad but Apple rips the wallet. I loved this tablet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Tablet helps get children use to having a tablet.also good for alduts	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet for the price. Very easy to use and understand.	27in FHD Monitor
It gives me a lot of fun and easy to find what you're looking for something and you don't know what you want!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great love that I can monitor the time used in certain things	Bose SoundSport Headphones
So far, I am loving this tablet. Of coarse, it will take some time to fully learn all the good and bad aspects of this tablet. The screen is a little smaller than I thought. It has great apps. It's quick and smooth. Even sent me an email when I downloaded a free app. It offers a lot more options than the ipad that I've had for awhile. Looks like the ipad is on the way out.	iPhone
My kids found this very easy to use. The Kindle has great features.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablet is not incredibly easy to use and to load stuff onto.	Wired Headphones
this is a great tablet for the price. It is a little bulky, the amazon ads are a little annoying (with some work i think they can be removed) i love the blue shade filter for reading, streams video and browses the web with no problemsall i can ask for given the cost	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my dad for Xmas and I ended it up using it more than him while on vacation and I loved it!	Vareebadd Phone
Needed a table to use for reading Kindle books. This one works great. I also purchased on for my daughter. Good selection of games that my grand daughter can play.	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle was a prize for a raffle for a union meeting. Excellent for beginners just starting off. Great price	Vareebadd Phone
It runs pretty slow. I wish it ran a faster then it would be great	Lightning Charging Cable
The product works well. Great price for the capabilities it offers.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought unit on black friday as a gift. It's good thus far. Wish it was easier to get back to the home screen. Other than that I like the unit	Vareebadd Phone
Already own one, loved it so much, bought as a gift for my mother-in-law for Christmas on Black Friday for $35! Can't beat that!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very nice product. Must buy. It is a great for kids as well.	Google Phone
I like this tablet but you need to register a credit card to get free apps.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought three of these for a 4, 6, and 10 year olds. I am so glad that it is so simple to use. They love that the can easily find books and games that suit each of their interests. For $34.99, it was so worth it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet on Black Friday. The price was excellent, and it is easy to use. I would highly recommend as a daily web browser, and especially as a reader.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This Kindke is not only for reading books it acts as a great tablet with apps and can be used for dual purposes	LG Dryer
Great little tablet and it does everything I need it to do. Love playing games and keeping up with social media with it!	Lightning Charging Cable
My niece really enjoyed this tablet and she uses it alot.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It has parental controls and it has great picture quality. It also let's you download educational games for kids to learn on.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I didnt know much about the amazon fire your staff did t.y. the girls love them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I shop on amazon and watch Amazon shows. Does great for what I wanted it for.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for kids just wanting to play games or watch movies. Even when purchasing extra gb storage cards.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Cheap reliable tablet easy to figure out. perfect for child or older person to understand.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two kindle fires for my kids and I am thinking about purchasing a third one. I love the micro SD slot and the response of it is great. We have owned them for almost a month now nd is flawless. You can't beat the price anywhere.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased on thanksgiving great price for the tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
She is loving being able to play all the games that we can download. Easy to use and the perfect size.	Lightning Charging Cable
good product, easy to use for my 72 year old mom that knows nothing about electronics.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a great phone for a great price. It has the latest Android Lollipop 5.1.It also has 8Gb. of internal memory.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet and it is very nice and reliable and would highly recommend	Wired Headphones
great products lots good appscompatible with many appsloves the speed and quality of priduct for the money	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i really like my fire it has a nice picture and is easy to operate	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Far surpasses my expectations. Would definitely recommend it as a beginner tablet.	iPhone
This basic Amazon Kindle is a great value considering its power and retail price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought 4 of these tablets for Christmas presents. 2 of them were for my 4 and 6 year old grandkids. I love how they have parental controls and how easy they are for the kids to use. We are still browsing the app store to find them games but all the ones they used to use my phone for were found right away.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got 4 of these tablets for my nieces and nephews and from my understanding they haven't put them done since they got them for Christmas. So that being said I believe they are a great tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very different from my iPad. I'm sure I will get the hang of it.	Google Phone
I knew I wanted a tablet for school but wasn't sure of what to get. Also didn't want something too expensive. This tablet has been of great use. I use Amazon prime and have access to a lot of school books. It is easy to navigate and the charge lasts a long time.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Just gave them as gifts for Christmas. I have bought Kindles in the past and have been happy with them. My only disappointment was when I ordered the Kindles, I paid $49.95 only to have the price go to $35.95 2 days later	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great entry-level tablet for the casual user looking for simple web browsing, email access, and low resolution media such as ebooks, streaming movies, and games. The hardware feels sturdy in your hand and the display boasts a scratch resistant surface as opposed to less durable products found in this price range. It isn't lightening fast but loads and runs most apps quickly and smoothly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is way to complicated for kids, my kid was frustrated trying to figure it out	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a gift to a friend and she loved it! It's great for a starter tablet and would recommend it to anyone looking for a tablet at a great price!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I really liked it, even though I purchased for my grand daughters. I have a 6 HD Fire, but I liked this one better. With the expansion slot for space	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the Kindle great for my children...and also for my older kids	20in Monitor
I bought this for my godson and so far he seems to love it. He has downloaded a bunch of games. His mom likes it because it's tied to her account and she was able to set parental controls for specific areas such as movies, etc. I do wish that it came with more than 8 GBs. Just purchased a case and screen protector separately because the kids version is way too much IMO.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like your this tablet. It's easy to use and gud camera.	Wired Headphones
My girlfriend has been using an iPad for several years. She decided she wanted to try the Kindle because I liked mine so much, so I got one for her for Christmas. Now she is hooked. (Anyone want to buy an iPad?)	27in FHD Monitor
i got the amazon fire tab on black friday. i was very satisfied with how it function and operate speed and quilty for the price they gave it for one day. i had two laptop stolen and can't afford t buy new one . so i got this tab. to keep in touch photos for eBay and other. the only thing that i did not like was that i could not download google apps only amazon..	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's a great tablet for beginners. It's not ran off gb. So my teen have to have wifi. No bill	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my mom who is 78. She hates it when football is on and she cant get the lottery numbers. Problem solved.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I already had a Fire Tablet for my own use. I got one for my husband and he loves it.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this as a after thought. The tablet has 8gb but from the moment you start to use it almost five is already used by Amazon I was totally disappointed. I love how the screen savers changed though it was so clear and unique but the memory took the cake for me!	iPhone
my husband purchased a Fire tablet for me for my birthday I liked it so much I purchased one for him for a Christmas gift	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a budget tablet that I purchased during Black Friday and for the price it can't be beat I use it strictly for music and don't have any problems. Excellent for kids doesn't cost much and if they break it you didn't invest much.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my 8 year old son. Its good to get him this for a great price, and get him off my iPad...lol.....	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the price point for this tablet but for being a quad core processor, it runs kind of slow.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves this thing move than us she lives in it!	ThinkPad Laptop
The tablet is great for what is being used for gan	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for my girl she use for reading play app and small carried	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my son. It's the perfect size for him. It does everything any tablet, or smartphone (minus calling/texting) can do. And you can't beat the price for a name brand tablet.	Flatscreen TV
Got it at a very good price, and it did not disappoint me. Mainly used by my kids, I can set up and control exactly what they can view, read and play. Each one has his own user, so they can personalize their experience with it as well. Works well, does the job, and again, at a very good price.	Wired Headphones
I was not satisfied with my purchase but for the price I guess it's ok	ThinkPad Laptop
Not a bad display for the price. AMAZON ads pop up	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I liked the price and am very pleased with the apps that are available. My children semm to be very happy with the tablet and it is very user friendly.	Google Phone
Got these on Black Friday for $35 each, can't NOT pick them up at that price. Perfect for Youtube, Netflix and most mobile games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the size and quality. Easy to carry around and good screen quality	Vareebadd Phone
I got this for 35 on black Friday which is the best deal for a tablet but still 0 getting this for 50 is a good deal	USB-C Charging Cable
For some reason I thought seven inches was a lot bigger, probably because I'm a man.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought on Black Friday, couldn't complain about the price. I bought 3. One for myself, one for my mom and one for my 4yr old step daughter. My mom loves the large font option. I love being able to browse the Web and watch netflix. My little one loves to play games on, thank goodness for the kid option! Don't have to worry about to going to non-kid-friendly apps/websites.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves this tablet. He can read books and play games on one device.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I use this mainly to watch movies on amazon and netflix. Great addition to my household.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for my 18 year old little sister. Well worth it for the price, she really likes it	Wired Headphones
Fire tv tablet has great apps and are easy to function	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchased this tablet for my own use and have found to work very well expecially for Amazon App Store. Many of the same Google Play store apps can be found on the Amazon App Store. Battery life is good. This is probably one of the best value tablets available!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love this item. Meets my needs. Worthy. I recommend it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two of these for Christmas presents. One for my grandson and one for my granddaughter. They both love them.	Wired Headphones
Good tablet, well made. The screen is not HD which makes some text look pixelated and not as crisp as you would expect. Great for simple reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have only had it for 2 days now but have played games, set up my email and figured out how to read books on it. It seems very responsive and I have begun learning the all the finger moves to run it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and is handy to have. It is not small but not to big either.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the money. Slimmer and lighter weight than my previous Samsungs.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this as a gift for a girl in the second grade. She maneuvers around on it really good.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Solid tablet if you want to read and do basic internet	20in Monitor
We got a great deal on our kindle fire. Perfect gift for young child who wants to play games on a tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent bargain and works for all purposes that a tablet is needed for.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought 2, hardest part was going from iOS to learning to use the kindle fire. My daughter and brother love it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my 12 yo son. He loves it. I use it2	Apple Airpods Headphones
Haven't had any issues with it and got it on sale pretty cheap.	Lightning Charging Cable
The unit works well. The camera is not super High Resolution, but it is great to have front and rear cams. Access to lots of apps and email. It's nice to have the extra tablet around the house, and for $35?Child, please. Even at $50, it is a solid value.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a good product, value for money. It has everything one can expect in low price tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this on Black Friday and have not looked back! Love it	Wired Headphones
My Godson loves his new tablet. It's fast and there are a lot of free academics and games available to download.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a gift for myself, and I love it!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought three of these from Best Buy for my grandchildren. They were happy	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this because I wanted to play games on a little bigger screen. I didn't want a large and expensive tablet. This was the perfect price and size for me.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
its a good product from best buy. I recommend this	Lightning Charging Cable
We al love them. It's great for Netflix and everything else	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product at a great price! So glad I bought this!	USB-C Charging Cable
A very nice gift for all. My mother loves it. Super	Wired Headphones
The best product that I've ever watched a movie on I love the Amazon tablet it's does amazing things	USB-C Charging Cable
Wish it had an open market for other apps and not limited to amazon	27in FHD Monitor
Great product for the, you can't go wrong with purchase.	ThinkPad Laptop
The fire 7 is easy to read books and stuff. The kids love playing games on it. We really love the tablet.	Wired Headphones
I love this thing!!!!!So much better then my nook.	USB-C Charging Cable
You get Amazon access with this which is pretty good, but it won't compare to an apple or android device when it comes to apps. My son has one of these but his grandparents got him a samsung tablet and he doesn't even touch his Fire anymore. He says because the apps aren't as good. Its probably fine if you like amazon products, readers, etc. But not as much for a lot of the games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for little sister and it's very entertaining for her. Keeps her busy	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my wife she really enjoys it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave as a Christmas gift. Recently learned that it stopped working within two weeks.	USB-C Charging Cable
The only thing is that Amazon has their own app store and you can not transfer unless you are really tech savvy	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Purchased this as a gift for a first time tablet owner . They loved it ! Great product easy to use!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought a kindle fire. It serves my purpose of reading pdf files.	Lightning Charging Cable
i brought this to my daugther and she loves it, she can go on netflix, amazon music and youtube easily, good display pretty good volume	Wired Headphones
Brought for christmas gift mother loves it use all time	27in FHD Monitor
It works well and is great for my daughter .I like how I can control how much she can use it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got it during Black Friday so it was an excellent price. It's smaller than an iPad but still an excellent product.	Flatscreen TV
Works perfect for my niece! She loves it! Great Deal!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have bought 5 of these now for kids and for gifts. They are priced right, work well, and are easy to use. If you like your Android phone you will like this tablet	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the money Would buy another Easy to use	20in Monitor
This has been the best cost effective tablet for my kids. Love the easy child protection options	Wired Headphones
Amazon fire is so awesome I bought two one for myself and one for my daughter who also has an ipad but now she always has her fire tablet with her	iPhone
nice upgrade for the family! We are more of a techie family. Ours is attached to a pc.	iPhone
Works great for the price. I use it mainly to watch videos or read newspaper/magazine articles. For much else it would be too slow.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for watching movies and reading books. It is also a great tablet because I can set my children on their own individual side, and set up parental controls	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the low price, this tablet does the trick! Compatible with many apps such as Facebook and Kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased for my 3yr old to play games and watch movies . Obviously with a little help, but the durability of this product is hands down great . It's not going to break that easy ! Plenty of memory and picture quality is good .	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a good tablet for someone just wanting to surf the internet. Would buy again if was only surfing.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was not expecting much and was a little afraid to purchase the fire tablet. I was quite surprised by the build quality and am extremely surprised by the performance. I am thinking of buying more for the family.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy setup..and for the price you get a solid company	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Before you spend a lot if money on a high end tablet for your kids, try this one. Great value!	USB-C Charging Cable
Very inexpensive and well made little tablet. Picked up two for the kids and they love them.	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet is less than $50 and is an outstanding little tablet. The only negative I could bring up about it is that it is geared towards selling you stuff from Amazon. It does books, web surfing, and apps quite well though. It is well worth the money and putting up with the advertising.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
HAVE BEEN USING THE BLACK AND WHITE KINDLE READER FOR SEVERAL YEARSAND THE UPGRADE TO THE FIRE HAS BEEN A MAJOR SURPRISE--IT HAS EVERYTHING I COULD WANT AND IN GORGEOUS COLOR. IT IS BASICALLY A COMPUTER AND IS MODERATELY EASY TO LEARN TO USE.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for the money! Made for a great Christmas gift	Wired Headphones
For a pre-teen, this is what exactly my niece needed. It replaced an old iPad for her. It does almost everything the iPad did. And the price was a lot better.	Google Phone
Works very well. it's fast and responsive. When i saw that it's quad core and has micro sd card i snapped it up, and couldn't be happier with it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my little (3) son for Christmas and he loves it.	Wired Headphones
Excellent tablet!!! works very fast and esay to get apps	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great tablet!!! works very good and fast. easy to get apps	34in Ultrawide Monitor
If your looking for an inexpensive tablet to get you started than this is the one. Quick set up and easy to use for all your basic needs.	27in FHD Monitor
awesome tablet , great price, everything i wa hoping it would be	USB-C Charging Cable
got this for my mom cause her other one died. Found out that these were only $50 which was a really good price from what she needed. The screen was a lot bigger than her last one and the screen was a whole lot sharper as well. If youre looking to give a basic tablet to someone who doesnt need to do anything business like or school related then this is the tablet you should get.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet works great, we have several versions of the Kindle, Fire tablets and have never been disappointed. This one is also great, and the price was perfect.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet, with lots of apps and good games for playing.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Replaced my older (lost during recent move) version. Must admit this model is faster, has more storage and a camera! Love it	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for searching and opening multiple apps at once.	iPhone
It was a hit during our Christmas white elephant party! (:	Flatscreen TV
very good for an e-reader. does everything i want it to.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is great for my kids. small enough for my toddler to hold and watch movies and play her games.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent product. Got for my mother n law. She loves it	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my nephew for Christmas. He loves it and is constantly on it, mostly playing games.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my son as a bridge between phone and computer. Fits in perfect	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my second tablet that I have purchased. This one was a gift for other son. He loves it & I recommended it to numerous friends.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good unit. But i have to reconnect the wifi often when using netflix	Wired Headphones
"My daughter first tablet was a ""kids "" tablet. This is an upgrade and it has plenty of apps that We All can play together on separate devices"	Apple Airpods Headphones
My kids love it. Got it for my kids. We use it too.	Flatscreen TV
Bought one for myself several months ago, have enjoyed it so much, I got one for my Mom and one for my Dad as a Christmas gift, they are not tech savvy, but found it easy to use, are enjoying them very much	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was bought for my nephew for his birthday and he absolutely loves it..	Lightning Charging Cable
Wanted something to take with me. (I don't use a smart phone), Quick looks at the web, When I'm away from the desktop, Also some games.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Very very good table nice definition and quality I like	Wired Headphones
Great deal. We bought these so that our niece and nephew could watch movies. We were able to load some movies on a memory card and insert it into the fire. Works great.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product for the price, seems less fragile than the iPad.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
gave up old tablet due to battery issues apps take getting used to but nice tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
Sure I can use my iPhone for internet browsing and email at home, but for $49 I get 4x the screen area. Silk isn't great, but it works for casual browsing when sitting on the couch in front of the TV.	Lightning Charging Cable
I use my kindle fire for various uses, easy to use, you can read, play games, and go on the Internet with wireless access. If I can do it, anyone can so not techy!!	Wired Headphones
I purchased this tablet as a Christmas gift for my son along with the amazon fire 7 case. The tablet has a neat kid free time feature that you can use to limit time spent on tablet and control web sites viewed. The features are great but a little time is needed to enable these features. Over all four stars/ 5 if it was easier to use and didn't have to much advertising on locked screen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 2 of these as Christmas gifts for my parents. They are not tech savvy, but have been able to thrive on these. They love them.	iPhone
Perfect for my kiddos. Great value and easy to use and set parental controls on	Wired Headphones
I've had 5 in my household over the years. It's good and does a lot more than be a reader. It's like a tablet...	iPhone
Got this for my kids. It does everything they want it to. Great price for what you get. Highly recomend for someone wanting a good tablet that won't break the bank.	USB-C Charging Cable
I actually bought for grandkids to use as they fight over iPad. they can each play abc mouse or nickjr. downloading apps is quick and easy with many to choose from. Sale price was awesome. I also plan to download apps for me as well as using for ebooks on vacation.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The best working tablet under $50 I have ever used.	Vareebadd Phone
This is by far my favorite tablet on the market. Has all that high priced tablets ioffer	Wired Headphones
Great product and only $40! I purchased 2 of them along with the compatible SanDisk 200gb micro SD cards to max out the storage capability. I was able to copy my child's stored tv shows & moves on to the sd cards from my PC's hard drive, now they can watch their shows on the go, it makes car trips a lot easier!  I also purchased Skullcandy Bluetooth headphones for each of them (got em' for $10 during Christmas). They paired with the Kindle in seconds, no trouble at all. + Kindle's customer support is awesome if you need them, their service is like no other...	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love this product it is simply amazing. I has so many options for adding games and apps.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great price point for this tablet. I bought 3 of them for my family to use to supplement their iPhones. YouTube and Netflix are easier to watch on the tablet's larger screen.	Vareebadd Phone
Bought this for my mother for Christmas. I wanted something small enough for her to handle and reliable. Decided a Fire tablet fit the bill. And, Best Buy had plenty in stock!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I use it to keep her busy with educational games and she loves being on it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"The Kindle Fire 7"" replaced my old and broken Kindle Reader and has exceeded all my expectations and requirements. I plan to buy a 10"" in the near future and pass the 7"" to my wife to replace her Kindle Reader"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought one for each of my kids. Unbelievable the thing you can do. This one was for my husband. He loves it	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet is perfect for an adult and kid. It's worth the money. Inexpensive.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased this blue kindle as a gift for my nephew after having one for my kids for a year. It runs great and at that price there are no complains.	Wired Headphones
Great buy. Cheaper than paying for overpriced cable	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased 5 of these for my grandkids ages from 4-9. They were all able to work the tablet easily.	iPhone
I bought these as Christmas presents for my grandparents and they love them!	Flatscreen TV
We had one when they first came out. Not quite as good but still works great for the kids.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my son. Have had these before and they really like them.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great picturesPower and fast speedEasy to use!!!!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tab. Purchased as a give for a Christmas party.	Lightning Charging Cable
It was the cheapest tablet, but still very useful considering it was for my toddler. Wanted something that I could play child shows from youtube and some learning games from apps. Wish there were more apps for him, but I'm sure with time Amazon will have a few more I'd like to see just as Apple does. When not in use, from time to time it works great for the needs I may have if I want a bigger screen than my iPhone or don't feel like booting up a laptop. The only downfall is that when it's locked, it displays ads for games. I found out this is due to keeping the price so low for the tablet.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I like this tablet a lot. I now own 3 of them and feel good that I can have one close to the tv. If I step on it and crush it I am only out a few bucks. It is clearly not as nice as my ipad, but I can get 10 of these for what one I device costs. I use it to watch tv, read, and surf the web. As a sports fan, sometimes I line all three up so I can watch three games at once.	
Nice for books and games on the go so you don't have to use your phone battery	Bose SoundSport Headphones
great tablet for a beginner .easy to use,fast.perfect for kids	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased this to give it a try, man it is great. It's a very reliable and responsive tablet. Connects to wifi very well and doesn't have buffering issues, as of yet anyway.I set up his and hers accounts but wish I would have bought two so when we both want to use it at the same time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
As I stated before, excellent gift for the grandkids.	USB-C Charging Cable
the reason i purchase the item because she love to watch movies on her phone.	Flatscreen TV
Easy to use. Great price for a starter Tablet! I bought 3, 1 for me & 2 as Christmas Gifts for Family. It feels good with the Spirit of Giving when You know they use them everyday. :)	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my granddaughter and she absolutely loves it!! The reviews were excellent	USB-C Charging Cable
I have had an older version of this Kindle and I really like it! I decided to buy one for my sister, as we share a love of reading. She was very surprised and immensely pleased!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for a beginner. Easy to navigate and get more apps!	USB-C Charging Cable
Was given as a gift to someone who needed something simple. The price was great for what it can be used for!	27in FHD Monitor
We purchased this TV for a guest room/office. It has an excellent picture and great sound.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this for my daughter.. She love it too much.. And it's the best tablet for the price..	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet as a gift for my 7 year old grandson. He is thoroughly enjoying watching his favorite YouTube videos and playing minecraft.	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased this for my cousin as a Christmas gift and she just loved it. I couldn't believe that a $39 tablet could do so much.	20in Monitor
I bought this as a gift for my daughter to replace an older version. She was happy to have a new Kindle after about 5 years.	Wired Headphones
Bought as a gift seems to be very easy-to-use and portable light weight too	iPhone
Great tablet for my 6, 7 and 9 year old's. It's very easy for them to use with the 'Free Time' mode. I love Amazon and love that I can switch between different user profile no matter which tablet I'm using. Definitely recommend to others with children. Only downfall is some of the apps I use that are on either googleplay and itunes are not available in the Amazon appstore and it does not have bluetooth. But overall it is excellent for my children and the price was amazing!!!!	ThinkPad Laptop
Gave ir to my nephew as a gift and he loves it....	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for the price. My nieces loved it ...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Yes It is a very nice starter tablet. I would think it will bring a lot enjoyment to the owners.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Enjoying it. Still learning. Probably even better when I get used to it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I think this would be a great tablet for kids, I bought it for my smart Chromecast TV but it wasn't compatible but my kids love it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this one as a gift but I DO have a couple I keep for the children to play learning games on. They're awesome.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got my granddaughter one & i surprisely received one for Christmas! Now i can do more while laying in bed! And my grandbaby get to watch Nick jr. On jer own leisure!	Lightning Charging Cable
Staff. Courteous and knowledgeable. Would recommend store any time. Awesome sales	Flatscreen TV
I got this as a Christmas gift for my son and he has really enjoyed it.	Wired Headphones
I bought it for my daughter and she loved it. She is happy to have it and read books on it.	Lightning Charging Cable
My Son Loves His Tablet That Santa Got Him For Christmas	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought a couple of these for my kids. They love being able to watch videos and play games on their own tablets.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My husband loves it, he even gets on facebook. And he loves playing games on it!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I brought this tablet as a present for my wife since her last tablet she had just died out. It seems to work well for her and she swems very happy with it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's got a lot of speed and apps. My nephew loves his amazon tablet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet all around. Good for kids for the parental control options.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for Netflix and YouTube videos for the kids. Durable and easy to tote around. Great product!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I needed a tablet to replace one that daughter broke. So I looked around and came across the Kindle Fire. From the start, I wasn't disappointed. It's fast, very responsive and perfect for my needs. This will be my go-to tablet from now on.	USB-C Charging Cable
It contains too many adds that cant be removed including the lock screen its not worth the money	Google Phone
You couldn't ask for a best tablet for the price, great quality.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was an awsome purchase glad i made it will recommend	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves to play it...........::::........:....	Macbook Pro Laptop
My few family members bought at least one or two as gift. All the kids seem to enjoy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Delivery was fast. The tablet has been good. My grandson loves the sports apps.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought 3 of these for our grandkids as Christmas gifts. These are just the right size Tablets for them.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this for my mom in hopes that she would learn to email. We are still working on it but the tablet is good for basic needs and the price was great.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my kids. Very affordable, good memory, well powered. 4 stars only because I did not realize the limitations of the Kindle restricted Android software.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a great all around tablet, with all the extra features you need if your an avid reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet would never turn on, even after charging	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet works perfectly for my eight old. She loves it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got this little gem for a family member for Christmas. She travels a lot and this works perfectly for her on the plane. Screen quality is pretty good. Not high def but good. My niece loves her new tablet.	ThinkPad Laptop
Love this tablet. Great for social games and videos. Cant beat the price	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am on my second kindle fire and recently purchased this one for my husband. It's easy to navigate, great for reading books and as long as you have WiFi you are connected. I like that you don't have to buy a data connection to use it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great because you don't need a data plan but you can do anything that any other tablet can do maybe even a bit more. The only restriction is you need Wi-Fi to run it but let's face it Wi-Fi is everywhere now.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's a wonderful tablet for younger kids. Parental settings and a kids mode	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this because I previously has the kindle paperwhite but it had died. being kind of limited on funds but needed a kindle due to all the books I read I opted for the fire. I love it. I'm able to see the covers which entice me to purchase books so I remember books easier than before. I also can do more things on the fire and the price is $100 less than the paper white kindle...	20in Monitor
Easy to work no issues my daughter loves it and my 6 year old loves it too	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my daughter and mother I'll law for Christmas and they both love them.good price and seems to b a quality tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
It was a gift for christmas. Does everything the expensive ones do	27in FHD Monitor
Screen is very vibrant and bright great color. Pretty easy to use even for a beginner. It's big enough to see well but easy to hold. Fits in a purse easily.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My new Fire tablet is easy to navigate I have had two other brands and my fire is the best .	Wired Headphones
Nice tab for young kids getting use to using Tabs. Fully functional and fairly easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for the money spent. Yeah sure you can spend a lot more for it tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
so far I'm enjoying my wireless headphones and sounds great	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet was a Christmas gift, it is just right for the purposes mentioned	Lightning Charging Cable
Got one for my father and niece. The both loved it. My dad was easily able to set it up and use it. He wouldn't put it down.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son really likes this tablet. He wishes it was a little bit bigger screen size	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for younger kids. Bought 3 of these as Christmas presents and the kids love them. They can play games , download learning apps, and watch shows on them.	Wired Headphones
"For adults or children, the Amazon ""fire"" tablet is impeccable. It has pertness control for parents with young children. If you have a Amazon account, it syncs right to it. Overall, flawless."	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this as a gift for my daughter. She's in College, and it's been very helpful for her to keep track of her schedule, emails, and appointments.	20in Monitor
Every time I open my amazon Fire, games pop up. It is very annoying. I have no interest in games. I do not play them. I did not purchase the item for games. I purchased my Fire for reading books, but it is very difficult to get to books. I go through a number of minutes and still do not accomplish the task that I want to do. I would like to know how to take off the games so I can do what I want to do.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great size for on the go to do basic needs. Also great for kids to be accupied with.	Google Phone
I bought two of these - one for each of my kids. Though they aren't super powerful devices, the price point is a perfect trade-off for the little ones. Now they each have something they can spend their screen time on, and they are wonderful for trips. The software is a bit clunky, but overall, a great device for $50.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great product for great price. As described.pleased with purchase	
I purchased the tablets as Christmas gift for my nieces. Perfect for them ages 9, 7, and 5. They love reading and this is a viable option when traveling. Instead of movies when riding in the car, they read!	USB-C Charging Cable
We have 3 of these and we love them. They are easy to use and you can do lots of different things on them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great starter tablet for a first time tablet owner. Bought this for my mom, and she loves it! Great for watching Netflix and surfing the web!	USB-C Charging Cable
Right out of the box it didn't work. We took it back and the Geek Squad couldn't get it to work either. Great disappointment for my 9 year old boy since it was a Christmas gift.	iPhone
The camera was very clean and being able to use the child user option is fantastic for toddlers.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really love the tablets my kids love them.I recommend then to other people.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Brought amazon fire tablet for granddaughter she love it hours of fun	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids loved the tablet small enough to take along every where I love the time limits I can set on them	LG Washing Machine
Pretty happy with my tablet. i mostly use it to try and play games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet to give to a teenager for Christmas. Expected them to use it for games, etc.	iPhone
definitely enjoying this. my 5 year old uses Alexa to play all the music he wants. downside is there is no official youtube app or youtube kids. other than that, I dig it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Received as a Christmas present and am enjoying it very much. Am still learning all the capabilities it has.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought three and everyone loved it. It was a pain in the neck to set up with the wifi more than a handful of times. I had to look up in the net and resolve the issue. I learned, I needed to change the password for it. On occasion wifi needs to be rebooted. But, all in all, when is not having issues connecting, it is a wonderful product! You just have to be patient at times.	Lightning Charging Cable
THE PRICE IS AFFORDABLE FOR ANY BUDGET..GREAT OVERALL TABLET	Bose SoundSport Headphones
the kids really liked these for Christmas gifts. They started playing with them right away and really enjoyed them	USB-C Charging Cable
unit must be charged frequently still trying to learn the fire	Wired Headphones
I love this I have bout three of these for my grand children and one of the wind up getting a different tablet and I was able to keep it for myself instead of returning and i just love it, It was confusing figuring out how to download on it but one of my grandchildren figured it out for me.	27in FHD Monitor
I can get to anything I'm needing to from the home screen. Helps simplity everything!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my first tablet. Use it mostly for checking email and using face book. I have not used it for reading books yet, but plan too.	Flatscreen TV
"Small table for a small price comparable to other tablet options on the market but not as user-friendly as I'd hoped. I prefer Samsung and the Google Playstore. Initial set up took a while citing the table to could not locate WIFI but it was on an accessible and in use by other devices at the same moment with accessibility for the Fire tablet to also connect. Eventually it connected but the ability to use the tablet, functions, tools, etc with ease was disappointing to myself (adult) and child I purchased it for. However it's a great ""first-time"" tablet and priced well."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great. I purchased two for children at Christmas and they love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My mother loves the Kendal it was one that was rep	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got these during the holidays at an amazing deal. They turned out out to be a very good tablet for an unbelievably low price. It really saved me a lot of time and money. Best of all the product was solid.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for gift, inexpensive and functional. A bit larger than my Note 5.	Wired Headphones
switched from a Toshiba 50 to Sony 48 and the clarity is outstanding	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for kids And adults. I would recommend this tablet to anyone.	Apple Airpods Headphones
CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY GRAND KIDS AND NO COMPLANTES AS OF YET.	Lightning Charging Cable
Everything seems to work as intended. The available storage is small when you include the pre loaded apps. I should have known that would be the case.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
LOVE IT VERY GOOD IDEM,Front and rear cameras let you capture memorable moments WITH FRIENDS AND FAMILY	iPhone
This is a great tablet. Great value . Great price. Good quality.	Flatscreen TV
Great for reading books, surfing social media, lots of apps and games to enjoy!	27in FHD Monitor
I'm hooked! I bought this for my daughter for her to get books easier, she is home schooled, but now i need to get one too! We both love to read and it is so easy to set it down and come right back to where we left off!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Brought this for my daughter she loves it. Really like that she can make her own profile for all her pbs kids and Disney jr apps.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids like down games and play with. It is for young children if you don’t want spent a lot of money	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this for my wife as second amazon tablet that ask for and got what she wanted. Now she's enjoying it!	USB-C Charging Cable
My niece and Sister loved this. It seemed to be a big hit and helped them with another way to watch netflix...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I compared it to the kindle fire hd and didn't see much of a difference. Love it!	Google Phone
I wanted something my granddaughter could watch different things on while in the car. She loves it and so do I.	Lightning Charging Cable
verygood low end tablet rivals some of the more expensive. does everything it says.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my second Amazon Fire, purchased it from Best Buy for a Christmas gift, when a deal was running. After opening the package found a scratch on the screen. Took the product to Store Best Buy changed it promptly. The new one is quiet right.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my husband mainly for surfing the internet. Seems to do this fairly quickly. He likes it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Quick, good color, holds a charge, somewhat light weight, can slip out of your hands easy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I absolutely love this tablet,and with a price you can't beat!	iPhone
For Christmas I bought to for my children and they love it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"simple and easy to operate; very fun to work with for business or leisure"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for Christmas for my niece. She loves it. She's four years old	Wired Headphones
This little tablet is great for so many things. Can't believe the quality I got for the price I paid.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great for my girls. These tablets are great for smart 7 and 8 year old children.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a basic tablet that is good for small kids to use	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased as a gift to my wife. She loves the tablet. Easy blue tooth attachment to sound bar. Good solid construction. Great for so many uses. Paying bills balancing check book. Writing and reading. Nice compact size. Replace bulky home computer and laptops. So many uses.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Ebooks, audible and email, what else do you need? Great tablet!	Vareebadd Phone
It's a basic tablet, nothing fancy but great for its price.	Wired Headphones
The tablet has been a great gift for a 10 year old	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Has lots of ads and seems to be a little slow in response. Bought for my kids and they like it so I'm ok with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Loved the Amazon tablets. Able to take anywhere and it fits in most bags. Can play any games and able to use social media website with ease.	USB-C Charging Cable
Anyone should be able to run this tablet its really easy to use and good quality for low price	Macbook Pro Laptop
You can't beat what you get out of this tablet for the money. Easy to download play store and install actual apps.PROS: Price, ease of use, expandable storage, battery life.CONS: screen resolution, low RAM, not for high powered games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I absolutely love this tablet,with a price you cant beat!	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price, it's tough to complain but it does occasionally stutter or get slow downs. Overall, you can't find a tablet at this price that will outperform but if you do have the extra money, I would use it for the new Fire HD 8 instead.	Wired Headphones
This is simple tablet to use for any beginner or kids	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this to read on the train. Too Man ads. iPad only from now on.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought the first one with some issues but brought it back to best buy and they exchanged it. It works great and my kids love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This a great product for the price. The amazon benefits alone would have made the an excellent deal... But this is a great low-end tablet as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for teenagers! I purchased two for my nephews and they were really happy! They immediately began to set it up and download free games. They love it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
My kids use these things daily. We had to replace two after about a year. One got smashed and the other has the digitizer die. Great on trips, as they typically keep the kids quiet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good storage and camera for younger children. Could have better battery life.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
6year old son loves it. It is dependable and economical in price. All features are easy to use and makes reading fun if your child is into reading books on te web.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the tablet for my nephew for Christmas. He loves it!!	Macbook Pro Laptop
give this tablet to my son and was very happy with it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Reason I wouldn't give it a full five stars is because of the fact that is so loaded down with adware for Amazon but an awful lot of that is what makes it affordable so $49 can't beat it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a excellent tablet for the price. Works great. No issues and complains.	Lightning Charging Cable
It is little slow at start up. But once its up. it works great. For the price, it is a great device. I play basic games, they run smoothly.	iPhone
Kindle fire is good because of the other things you can do besides just reading books. But it is slow and hard to read in sun.	Wired Headphones
It's exactly what you would expect for a tablet under $100. Very basic. Screen resolution if sub par for what's out today. Speed is questionable but works for our 2 year old.	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet purchase good and affordable for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I brought it for my boys and they love it. Great investment	Wired Headphones
I got myself the newest, big Kindle Fire, though my old one still works. Got this for the grandkids, and they LOVE it too.	ThinkPad Laptop
good product. bought it for somebody else, so i spent little time on it.	27in FHD Monitor
I love this tablet and it's easy to use. I would buy another for sure!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I gave this as a gift . A took a bit to get used to because it's not an Android. All and All a good buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very nice kindle fire...great Christmas gift...liked alot	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This does everything. So worth it. For the price and compared to more expensive, it holds it's own. Compact, fast, amazing....and check the price!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"Works great until....... I had forgotten that Amazon fire did not come with Google Playstore. I looked up how to add Playstore to the 7"" Fire. There are many videos on YouTube that showed how to add Playstore to the fire. All seemed to add it OK but the loss performance of the Fire was noticeable. There were several apps that failed to work at all or lost features. One example was Lifetime. It was slow to load and failed to bring up Chromecast. One reason I hoped for this app would work was my Samsung and Vizio SMART TV's don't offer this app. I found a old tablet I had forgotten I had. I loaded Lifetime and works perfect. I guess what it boils down to, it you are after apps on the Playstore, get a non Amazon tablet. It is just easier to use, apps should work and you don't have to fool around trying to adapt Playstore. If Playstore isn't critical, then I'm sure this a a great little table."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Simple tablet for beginners. Has everything you neef.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My husband has a kindle fire and 3 of my kids do also. My husband loves his. My kids tablets are great with a variety of apps. Maine draw back, tablets vs kitchen floor and the floor won. Tablet 1 screen cracked.	iPhone
Ordered This product for the children and they love it i might purchase one for my self have it a week and seems stable	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 2 of these for my 5-year-old nieces for Christmas. They both travel frequently and the Fire provides hours of entertainment. There is a ton of child-appropriate content available to download. The Fire is a great alternative to a pricier tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my mom for Christmas,and she loves it.She really enjoyed using the Alexa feature.Though I did have to return the first tablet due to some software issues,I had a great customer service experience.There took care of the problem right away,and exchange for a new one. Haven't had any issues with the new replacement tablet.My mom couldn't be happier.The tablet was a wonderful price.Thanks Best Buy	Apple Airpods Headphones
It is a good kindle for the money. to much junk on the carousel	ThinkPad Laptop
This was for our grandson and he loves it!! He is able to do his school work on it. Parents monitor it closely so he is able to have 3 games on it. Very pleased with it. We also got a good case for it which is good protection for it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
great for watching movies in the teeny tiny airline seats! love it and Best Buy has great customer service	Wired Headphones
Great product for the price! This is my entertainment tablet and it is great for movies and apps. Much better than my old Nexus tablet.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Love what I got works perfect good for my son he loves it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 3 yr old grandson...very kid friendly & he loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet that works well for ebooks and basic apps such as internet browsers etc. Great bargain for the money.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought a few of these over the holiday for my niece, nephews and step daughter. They love it. I especially love the parental locks and restrictions that can be put in place. Helps to minimize what the children have access to.	Vareebadd Phone
Bought this tablet for my daughter and she loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet, light, small and inexpensive for entry level consumers that have an Amazon Prime account. Combined with the amazon free content to prime members (books,movies,games) and amazon underground, this tablet is on fire! Plus easy on the wallet should something bad happens to it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My kids love these tablets. They have a very easy operating system! Very user friendly!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great little dash cam that does not get in the way. Bought two and 1 was defective out of the box but returned and got another. Nice color screen and a lot of bells and whistles for something this small	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Really enjoying this little guy bought two for my mom and daughter	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was looking for a tablet for my five-year-old daughter found a tablet on my Walmart for $40. When we opened it and tried to set it up The Wi-Fi was not working. I spoke with a coworker it indicated he bought an Amazon fire tablet for his child. I was shocked to find that it was the same price as the one I had already purchased. I returned the original and bought this one. It is packed full of ads and amazon specific programs, but I guess there is a reason it is so cheap!! My daughter loves it, does everything she wants and more!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The other kids got the kids fire but this is comparable.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It was a Christmas present for my children and I think I made a excellent choice. I don't hear all the nagging and irritating out of them.I finally get to have a peace of mind also make sure to get insurance.I think the price was good to, I wish I didn't wait so late to make my purchase so I could have gotten them different colors.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I gifted this tablet to my niece and she loves its, easy for her to handle.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The tablet was easy to set up and the kids enjoy using it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Does just about everything you could need or want a handheld to do. Plays games, surfs the web, Skypes, etc. with ease. For the price have such a powerful system and vibrant colored screen is unheard of. Very pleased.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this product for my 13yrs old niece for Christmas and she loves the apps available on the tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
excellent product for the pricelightweight user friendly	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We actually purchased this as a Christmas gift for our son. However my husband ending up keeping it for himself. He uses it at night to read books in bed.	USB-C Charging Cable
Can't beat the price, awesome for kids and doesn't break the bank.	27in FHD Monitor
This is my 2nd fire and I was so sad when it crashed. Love my new one but giving 4 stars bc the need to update the charger at the bottom. It sticks and you can easily break the inside I wish they would change that	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not much need for this thing, good price, but makes one wonder if they were on sale because they really don't do much and it would make a good gift for a youngster just getting started with a tablet. Not impressed at all.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my 13 yr old child for Christmas. She uses it to download and read books (saves lots of space on the book shelf) and she browses the internet, and watches Amazon prime movies. So far it has been a great device and for the price, it has been an amazing deal!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought it for my brother and he absolutely loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Works very well for children and people of all ages.	Wired Headphones
it is nice item my grandchildren enjoy playing with	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good picture for video and reading. Wish amazon would expand app store or use Google play	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My kids each got one of these tablets for Christmas. They love it. I like how it has parental controls so I can control what apps are on the tablet.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use...simple set up. I'd recommend it to anyone	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchase tablet for my 14 yr old daughter for Christmas. She has enjoyed it every since opening it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
You cant download too many apps so would recommend for the average reader	27in FHD Monitor
Got for my mom for Christmas and she loves it!!!!!!	Macbook Pro Laptop
We bought them for our kids but they are good enough for us to play too	USB-C Charging Cable
reat product would greatly recommend this to my Freinds	Google Phone
Great product and for the price it's a deal you can't pass up	Bose SoundSport Headphones
it was a good price and works well. I would recommend a case.	27in FHD Monitor
It is tough to use these tablets if you are use to Apple products. Internal memory is minimal and is taken up by all of the Amazon programs it is running. Everytime my kids play a game, the wireless connection shuts down due to running out of memory. I would not recommend these tablets for anything more that an e-book reader.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a fully functional tablet for under $1000. Yes it is slow, yes it works. For my child it is fine. If you are looking for something to be fast, slick, improve your productivity - you will need to spend more money.	Wired Headphones
Nice for my hubby, he can watch Netflix and use it for the shows he watches.	20in Monitor
I GOT THIS FOR MY 3 YEAR OLD GRANDSON, HE LOVES IT!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's ok for the price and what u can do on it I would buy again	Flatscreen TV
If you are all in on Amazon, this is the tablet for you. If you don't care about all the bells and whistles, and don't need the latest and greatest tech its a great tablet. We purchased one for my dad (60+) and he enjoys it for his web surfing and facebooking. The screen could be bigger, but for the $30 bucks we paid for it, its hard to complain.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought 5 of these for the kids for Christmas Easy to set up Work perfectly	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to set up and use. Great tablet for a non-techy!	Google Phone
This is a good product for books only. The apps and other things are not like an iPad. Very clunky, slow......However, the kindle is better than an iPad for book reading. It is lighter, the interface with Amazon is seamless and you can say download a sample of 40 pages for free before deciding to buy it, which is a huge plus !!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good tablet but it does not include google play like i was told it does by an associate in your store	Flatscreen TV
I bought three of these for my kids ages 7 to 14 and it works great for what they use them for. My only wish is that it came with Google Play Store but we were able to install that separately and works well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I really like the tablet. It was easy to set up everything on it. The only complaint is that it is a bit slow. I love that I can add storage to it when needed.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My kids love them. Great alternatives to laptop or desk top	Google Phone
Bought this for my mother, it is inexpensive and easy to use it's a lot of fun too.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased one of these for each of my kids. The design is very easy to understand and very user friendly. I would definitely recommend for someone that doesn't need the full functionality of an iPad.	Flatscreen TV
I purchased this tablet based on price and the reviews for tablets in this price range. It has performed well for my child. I especially love the parental controls that are easy to setup and the ability to have multiple profiles on 1 device. I'm now thinking of buying one for myself to replace a stolen iPad.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet is great for reading. It is also very snappy from app to app.	Wired Headphones
I bought this product as a Christmas gift and the person who received it loves it. They use it for their kids entertainment.	iPhone
Its a great starter tablet for my kids. They love it and the price was right	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My son loves his tablet, easy access to the Internet and download games.	27in FHD Monitor
Gave this one as a gift. Never had any problems with mine.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for my boyfriend. He usually has apple products but I bought him this tablet and he loves it. It's easy to watch his videos, browse the web and even download books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am definitely a book person, but this is really convenient for travel!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my 10 year old son just so he can have some sort of electronic. Great for what he needs.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Gave this as a gift. My friend liked the tablet and it is pretty inexpensive. The only problem is that flixster app is no longer available/compatible with Amazon so, she is not able to watch movies she owns on flixster.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the fire tablet so much so that I have purchased about 9 for my son, nieces and nephews	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I picked up this tablet primarily so my husband could access his favorite apps while at home without having to squint at a phone screen. Works great.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I was told by my wife to buy these as a gift for the kids.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchase this item for my daughter and she absolutely love the item and color.	27in FHD Monitor
Based on the price it is easy to see that this tablet is not something that will knock your socks off but is good for children that like to read books.	USB-C Charging Cable
purchased to use as a reader. Was told that it had Play Store and after many attempts, we couldn't get it to work properly	Wired Headphones
Scratches easily but otherwise good. Cases can also be hard to find.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The price of this tablet is excellent and the specifications aré very well	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love it working good no lag or anything best gift I have so far	USB-C Charging Cable
The Fire Tablet has an Android operating system but is not like using an Android phone. Amazon's software makes the tablet more cumbersome to use and the tablet will often freeze. Also, you cannot download Apps from Google Play you have to get them from the Amazon App Store. There are several Apps from Amazon that you cannot remove even if you do not use them. Would not recommend without having Amazon Support.	iPhone
It's a great tablet for every day needs. Great for games, internet access and reading Kindle books.	USB-C Charging Cable
I would recommend the Kindle Fire as a great option for anyone who loves to read book after book. Well worth the price. Not so thrilled that a 2 year warranty was half the price of the item I purchased but that has nothing to do with the quality of the device.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this tablet for my senior citizen mother and it is easy for her to use.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought two, my 7 yr old loves it, my 13 yr old likes it. I think they are a great value for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is easy to use and has nice features. It is small enough to carry around.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my 3rd Kindle, and we are very pleased with the ease of use and features Amazon has to offer. I suggested my brother get one for his kids and he too is happy. He actually uses it as much or more than his kids do. If you are looking to buy one, I suggest buying a case to help protect it from any bumps or bruises. I lost my 1st Gen Kindle because it was dropped without a case.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is inexpensive tablet. The sound is not great too quiet.It is not the best but it is good price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
ENJOY EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS ITEM. UPLOAD ANYTHING FAST!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
and you can't beat the price. Normally $50, these were on sale for $30 for Black Friday so I picked up 2 as gifts.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
But you can't beat the price. Normally $50, these were on sale for $30 for Black Friday so I picked up 2 as gifts.	27in FHD Monitor
The Fire is an amazing product at an amazing price!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my husband, so he would quit turning the light on to read in the middle of the night. It is a great value for what I needed	Lightning Charging Cable
There are not enough functions on this tablet. But it has great battery life	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Absolutely love it! No problems with it at all and great battery.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for the kids to keep them quiet, it a	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
For the price, this is very worth the money. Would be great if they increase the minimum storage to 16G.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I gave this Fire 7 tablet to a good friend for Christmas. All she had was a smart phone before and it is pretty small. She just loved the ease of setting it up and uses it all the time now. So much easier to navigate than her phone. Now she can lad books and read for a lot cheaper than buying them in the stores. She said she couldn't have received a better gift.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this tablet as a gift for my grandfather for Christmas and he loves it! Very user friendly! It's also lightweight and easy to travel with.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this tablet for a family member who isn't very tech-savvy. Wasn't terribly pleased to see how overflowing the OS is with Amazon ads and services, but I suppose that's how they keep the costs so low on an extremely affordable tablet. Look up how to download the Google Play Store on this tablet to get even more usage out of it. With that addition, it works great, and they love it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for son for Christmas very easy to use and durable	Wired Headphones
Wanted a cheap tablet to read books and comics. I found the lack of apps to be disappointing. It seems the tabelt is designed to make one buy books from amazon or to buy apps.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very easy for a child to useI bought this for my child. He's had no trouble navigating in learning the different tools to use to navigate through it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet. I have a I pad and I am just as satisfied with this tablet as I am with my I pad	Lightning Charging Cable
Pretty good tablet, especially if you have prime...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought for my sister's birthday she really enjoyed it, it is very appropriate and fits her	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, simple interface and the right size for quick and easy web surfing and movie watching	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I really only bought this to read book and to have the kids play or watch whatever the want. It's an amazing tablet for the price!	ThinkPad Laptop
Awesome tablet at a good price..I love the size of the tablet	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this for my grandson to watch movies on the plane. Easy to use battery holds up well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for the price easy to use no problems.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet and great price! My dad and my son love it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this tablet for my 8yr old son, he loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablets can get expensive, this one is pretty much everything you want in a tablet, but not for an outrageous price. Being Amazon, they make it user-friendly as long as you know what apps to get.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice to just check emailAnd read books. I would recomend	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it. She watches Netflix and YouTube everyday and has had no issues. I would recommend this product to anyone.	Flatscreen TV
Bought two of these for my kids and they love it!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet looks and feels nice. Good battery life, and great images. Good value for the money.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Tablet was reasonably priced. Would say it's a starter tablet for kids. Kind of slow on response but the kids enjoy it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Is a great tablet for small kids' wpuldnt buy ot for me though	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the free time application you can set it to, but don't care for the ads that always come up.	USB-C Charging Cable
Grand kids can play games, read and talk to their friends with this tablet. Works great for us and it was priced right too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet is great for surfing the Internet and downloading movies to watch on the airplane.	Google Phone
I bought this for my grandkids. It is easy to use and they Love it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My nephew's love the tablets they are great have I lot apps for kids	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet just to use in 1 room. It works great!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
bought this for my 2 years old, the tablet is strong, and he loves it, and best part is i was able to download the google play store without rooting.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Amarion tablet the speakers are really good but could be at the front	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughters love to use their Fire, work well with the WiFi.	27in FHD Monitor
This was perfect for my 11 year old to take on our trip cross country.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's the best choice for $30 to leave home or with friends.	Flatscreen TV
good at this price running smooth as expected and cheaper than amazon	Wired Headphones
I like it, but don't like the add screen that you can't get rid of. Also can only download apps from the amazon store.	20in Monitor
Kids are able to play their games and watch movies on road trips.... win!	USB-C Charging Cable
Worth the price. Very light and love that it's personal	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Very easy setup and connectivity to my accounts, including ebooks and video. Primarily used as ereader - so far like the one-handed use and haven't noticed glare as a problem.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my Amazon fire 7 tablet. I gave one to my grandson, and he loves it too!	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's cheap so I didnt expect it to be amazing, nor am I disappointed, it's great for streaming video. Even better with chromecast.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this one for myself. It works fine. It is fantastic.	Lightning Charging Cable
As an owner of an iPad, I hesitated to consider the Amazon Fire Tablet as a supplemental device but my purchase of a network of Amazon Echo Dots and the Voice Cast capability with the Fire tablet was almost irresistable. So I bought one as a gift for my friend along with an Amazon Echo Dot to get her opinion of its value. My friend just raves about the Fire Tablet - especially the smaller, light-weight aspects of it. I know I would feel better toting around a small Fire tablet that costs only $40 instead of a $500 iPad so it looks like the next Fire tablet will be for me!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Now I know amazon prices their tablets at their manufacturing price (ie. The price it costs them to make it). They do this because they hope to make more profit off of purchases made on the device then they would having it be a competitive tablet on the market. Other tablets may have better specs but I bought this as a second 'around the house' tablet. And it does its job very well. Picture quality is more than enjoyable, the screen is bright, colors are vibrant, there's a built in blue light filter for nightime viewing (I love this feature because most apps for this are buggy or have adds). The expandable storage is very desirable especially if you like to download ebooks or lots of media. Amazon's app store has an 'underground' feature so a lot of paid apps in the Google or samsung stores are free to download here. They have free cloud storage connected to your amazon account so if your space is low you can free up space without loosing items. This also means if you want to transfer items between devices it's no probbem at all. They have a reading library that gives you access to many popular titles for a monthly fee or the bookstore itself has many free or very affordable books aswell with no monthly fee. This device can ""mirror"" a different kindle tablet so if you are replacing an old tablet it you can easily load all settings and apps onto your new one. Also, over the years amazon has been doing free updates for devices to make them run the current os. This is a nice feature when it comes to always having the newest technology, but from what I can tell it is not optional. My old tablet ran with the black carousel type os but was automatically updated overnight to the current (more visually pleasing) os. It did give me many notices stating when the update would happen and added that it would only work if the device was connected to wifi. It may be something to keep in mind if this bothers you. Overall I like this tablet very much and it is a bargin for what you're getting."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great beginners tablet, not too small but not that big either	Lightning Charging Cable
Simple tablet with all the basics. Worth it for the price!	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great all around tablet. This tablet is currently being used by my daughter and she loves it. It's a good size and the picture quality is good enough to watch cartoons and a few YouTube videos on. The best part is that it has a memory slot so you can save videos on it for travel.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my toddler to keep her busy on road trips or at appointments and she wasn't too fond of it. It's kinda slow and limited to what you can do. One feature I did like is that you can set a profile for kids and they'll only be able to use apps that you designate for them to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
my kids get a lot of use out of their tablets. however, I wish the battery life was better.	27in FHD Monitor
Awesome for the price! Highly recommended for anyone looking for tablet. Easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent machine for children. Easy to use and download.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this for a 6 year old to use. She still uses it and so far there has been no problems with it. She uses it a lot	Apple Airpods Headphones
Cheap tablet, bought as a secret santa gift exchange item. My cousin opened it on Christmas and absoluitely loved it. Simple and easy to use, not as fast as an Ipad, but still serves in purpose for simple web browsing.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my grandson for Christmas present and he loves it he's on it all the time it also teaches him to read and a lot of other things he has games on it and he would be on it 24 hours a day if we would let him	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Powerful little tablet. Wish it had more apps available, but for the price, you can't beat it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great product. Perfect size and weight, doesnt take up much space.User friendly.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was recommended by a friend to give children something to do on trips, so I bought them for my grandchildren. They used it and were occupied and quiet all the way to DisneyWorld.	Wired Headphones
I bought these for a road trip for my teen daughters. The ability to download amazon prime content for viewing offline was the hook for me. Video quality is adjustable with the download and looks great on this screen. Battery life is adequate and a non-issue with so many charging possibilities in cars these days. All apps that I have wanted have been available for it too.	Wired Headphones
I was skeptical of such a low price point tablet. My children broke a more expensive tablet that I owned and I needed a replacement. I absolutely love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I use this while im at work to have a bigger screen to watch my shows on. However I prob dont really need it. It has most apps. Not all games thatbi use on my phone. Its big and nice screen. Resolution is very nive. However i hardly use it besides work. When I'm at home i iust use my phone. I gave it a 4* due to not having all apps or games available. The wifi signal doesnt pick up as well as my phone either.	Lightning Charging Cable
Built solidly. Very slow. I bought this for my kids but I cant download kids YouTube on it	Wired Headphones
easy to uses , good for young children to uses ,watch moves, play games, read books, would recommend to other	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it for a Christmas gift. She loves it. She stays on it all the time.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Brought 1 for my neice, nephew, and child they ❤ it	Apple Airpods Headphones
This Tablet Is Absolutely Fantastic. Very Responsive On The Screen!!! Great Tablet For Those Who Don't Want To Spend $200+ for an Ipad.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my wife since she broke her old one. She only uses it for reading and playing games but she seems happy with it. I've used it a couple of times, considering its price, I would say it's a pretty good tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had purchased one years ago for my mother. This was a replacement to the kindle. The fire some different features. But keeps my mother busy with mind games and sure help on that long trip to Italy.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Don't expect too muchbfor the money you paid for this tab. Easy to carry and very hard to break .	Wired Headphones
Didn't think it is well made the product ask for too many sign up	27in FHD Monitor
I really wasn't sure if I would like this thing but now I carry it everywhere and have it loaded down with ebooks to read.	20in Monitor
Kids love it comes with a case but purchased one anyway	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Easy to use tablet. Battery life is good. No issues so far	Google Phone
This is a great tablet. My last tablet was a Nexus (a gift) which did not really impress me. The Fire tablet has everything I need to keep myself entertained when I am on the go or recovering from a busy work week.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was looking to buy a tablet mostly to connect to my speakers to play music. I found the perfect one for a great price. It has many capacities as well such as the camera. All the apps you could ever want are on this amazon tablet as well. I would recommend to anyone trying to buy a small tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
My oldest loves it, the charger doesn't last long.	Wired Headphones
Excellent item I just bay it from Best bay ita very good for the kids	Lightning Charging Cable
"Amazon fire 7"" is amazing table for price and great future in this product.I proud for this product."	Wired Headphones
Good machine and good service. Displays color as it should	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my husband on Amazon and then got two more for grandkids at Christmas from Best Buy. They had a great Black Friday deal on them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great simple tablet for the price. Can't go wrong. Bought two of these for my teen daughters. Love the fact that I can easily restrict what they are able to view and download.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my Mom for Christmas, she is not tech savvy and she loves it and is able to slowly figure it out.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
All the grandchildren I have purchased these for get alot of use from them and love the games.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet was well worth the price. It is a little slower than an iPad but not by much. Works great with clear quality on the screen!	Flatscreen TV
Great product for my kids to read. Was an Xmas gift.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Same as other tablet just has blue back witch i have not seen before in colors works really good	Lightning Charging Cable
Love mine so far for reading. Good price and super easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
This makes a great light weight tablet for kids. Durable and very good for setting up restrictions and time limits for kids too	Macbook Pro Laptop
My son always wants to play on my tablet. This was an excellent deal. Best Christmas gift!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Very slow ...I guess it's worth the 40 bucks.. great product for a child..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price is great up to the minute on everything	20in Monitor
I tend to use this ore than my ipad. this has got to be the best bargain for a fully functional tablet I have ever seen. I now have three of these devices and may get another.	iPhone
This was a gift for a family I adopted. It was a great gift and they loved it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my husband as a gift and he loves it. I just wished I would have bought him the next size up.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Needs some user interface improvements. The screen is decent for the price of the tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Speakers sound real low Not easy to use at allHave to pay for everything	Wired Headphones
Purchased this as a gift for someone for Christmas. It's no iPad but you can't beat the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet was a perfect gift and at the right price for my 6yr old niece. She absolutely loves it.	iPhone
This is a great tablet for the price. Currently using it for 3 year old. Love the parent timers and settings. Only negative is with no physical button, going back or 'home' is little harder than other tablets. It isn't the fastest tablet either but works well if you use it for very basic needs	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The table is good for someone that just need some entertainment and make amazon purchases	Macbook Pro Laptop
The tablet works great and charges with in on hour boight for my kids.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Hey man who was the only way to the next few days ago by the way to get the latest version of this message has a lot more than just the right now	ThinkPad Laptop
If you were looking for a tablet thats cheap, this is it. Great for watching netflix	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Fire tablet is great, especially for the price! And if you are an Amazon Prime member, it's even better. You can read books for free using Amazon's Lending Library and watch Prime videos for free too. You can even get Google Play Store and download apps (just Google it) on the Fire. Make sure you get a micro SD card right away, because the 8GB internal storage fills up very quickly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Amazon Fire Tablet was an excellent purchase. Great display and very easy to use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon Fire is an affordable alternative to some other tablets on the market. A great value. I like the fact that it's memory is expandable.	ThinkPad Laptop
My granddaughter was thankful for this. Pinks her favorite color and she's amazed with everything she can do on it	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandson love this tablet. He always keep up with it and the color was perfect for him	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Happy that I made this purchase and will recommend it....can't be beat cause I only paid $40	Google Phone
Bought two for grandkids so they might read more and it has worked. They enjoy carrying them when traveling also, takings books wherever they go	Bose SoundSport Headphones
all i can say it is awesome she was watching movies on her phone now she watch them on her tablet	iPhone
My 2 year old loves this thing. Uses it mostly for Netflix. Major issue with this is that it barely has any memory. It is very limited as to what and how much you can put on it.We have about 10 apps/games or less and Netflix app. It will not allow anything more as it has no space.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent Product & Highly recommended. Excellent!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
We got this for our 6 yr old daughter and its perfect for her. There hasn't been any issue with the games and educational apps she uses.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it. It helps with her homework and then keeps her entertained after. Fir the price you can't go wrong at all.	USB-C Charging Cable
We own one of Amazon Fire and like it so much we ordered another one.	20in Monitor
Decent product. It's definitely not for anyone who wants a tablet to stream or play games (other than amazon prime and laggy games) but it's OK for internet browsing and general use. It's on the lowest end of the tablet prices, so you get what you pay for	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a christmas present for my mom. She likes to read. Its a good tablet for a ridiculous price.	Flatscreen TV
My 8 year old loves his fire he takes it everywhere we go!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Gave this tablet to a friend as a Xmas gift and they love it. Easy to use and the size is perfect!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Super inexpensive and easy to use. Great for my kids.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kid loves it. It's portable and convenient. I think I need one for myself.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We got these for my kids for Christmas and they absolutely love them. All I did was set up a free time account for them to play and watch videos. Best part is that's all they can do so I don't have to worry about them going anywhere off limits.	Vareebadd Phone
Bought online Black Friday to avoid in store hassles. Got an option on colors to keep my 3 boys from confusing tablets.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought online. BLack Friday and had options on colors. Avoided hassles in store and had prompt delivery.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for on the go use, especially when your charging your phone. Wonderful product! Very impressed!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great value. Perfect Christmas gift. Easy to set up and easy to use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I would highly recommend this product for the money	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 6 year old daughter and she has a blast on it. Be sure to get the kid proof case too. Got to protect your investment.	iPhone
I bought this tablet for my mom for christmas. It was on sale, but is already at an inexpensive price to begin with. She is extremely happy with my gift. She is able to read and play games on a tablet with great speed. I might even buy my own!	Lightning Charging Cable
This was the best purchase .. I highly recommend it	USB-C Charging Cable
My son is having a blast basic screen but very versatile	Wired Headphones
Love everything about the unit except that it gets hot when used for 10 to 15 minutes. Hope it doesn't burn or explode.	Google Phone
Purchased for my kids but it was hard to navigate and ended up with purchasing an iPad	USB-C Charging Cable
Overall, this is a far cry from the more popular iPad, and is nowhere near as intuitive or easy to use, but as a less expensive option for my children to learn on it is the perfect fit. The price point is perfect for first time tablet users, though you will surely need to invest in a memory card to expand the storage capacity.	Wired Headphones
It is pretty good for the price. Good for a young teen or someone who does light web browsing or plays light games.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great product. It works great and is fun to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very happy with my purchase, totally recommend this product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought the kindle fire for my kids for Christmas . So far no issues, they seem to love it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet is great for the price. Gets everything done quick and easy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this little tablet, bought it as a gift for my mom, easy to use, nice clear screen, Amazon apps ready, lots of fun for the price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my eight year old to use in the car. It works well for him.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought four of these for our grand children and they love them. Great price too.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my daughter for Christmas! It is a lot more than what I expected! I will probably buy another one for my self	USB-C Charging Cable
like that fact I can read my books and play some apps	Vareebadd Phone
I am very pleased with this tablet. Small enough to take with me anywhere yet a large enough screen for reading anywhere.	20in Monitor
Got as a Christmas gift for my aunt and she loves it would highly recommend she thought she would just use it for books but now she is even using it for games and apps	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love Reading, So This Is Very Conveniet After All.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great price. Useful and what I was looking for. Couldn't get the updated version yet but loved how this one operates and looks.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
No issues. Love this tablet, so glad we bought it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet was purchased for my son. It does exactly what i want it to do which is play games and surf the web, namely YouTube. Great value.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this on Black Friday, simply because it was dirt cheap. It works ok but kinda slow.	ThinkPad Laptop
Very cheap tablet that is relatively powerful. Makes good bathroom tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this same tablet for my children two years ago who were eleven and eight years of age. They enjoyed it so much that I bought one for my eight year old Godson.	20in Monitor
I bought the tablet for my nephew for Christmas he really likes it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Grandkids love it now they have their own personal tablets and I love that it has parental control	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm an apple guy, but got this tablet because I'm a prime member and the price was right. Works fine, but I think the iPad is easier to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great starter tablet, affordable price.i bought 12 units. Great Christmas present to my nephews and nieces.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great product. Live the amazon customer service as well. User friendly. Parental controls best I've seen.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the kindle. we purchased 3 of them. they are great for the little things that you don't want to pull your laptop out for and good for the bigger things that you need to view on something bigger than your phone. The apps are good and games are fun.	iPhone
Got this for my grand daughter to watch cartoons and play games. Once you get it into kids mode and locked down it works great. Very sturdy and stands up to kid abuse. Got it on sale so that helps.	Wired Headphones
My husband bought me this for Christmas and I love it! Bigger than my phone but small enough for me to hold. I also bought a case for it that helps it to stand up.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great starter tablet for my 9 year old daughter . Its has everyhing she likes from games, music, to movies. She loves it and cant out it down . Great tablet !	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great value for money. However, the screen lags a bit after input. Once you figure that out, then you just need to be a bit patient.	Lightning Charging Cable
Brought this for my granddaughter for Christmas...she loved it! No complaints...happy child.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is very easy to read and holds a charge for a very lengthy period of time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife uses this to read almost daily and she loves it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Being familiar with the Kindle tablets, I knew these would be a great gift for my nephews. The price was unbeatable for such a great product! Now that Christmas has passed and they have been given their tablets, they love everything about them. We are living in a digital age and these tablets will give them a great start managing their time and abilities to navigate through the operating systems for it.	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids love it, they use it for games, books, etc	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got these for my 4 and 11 year old on Black Friday when they were 34$. Typically our household is Apple only. But I couldn't justify buying another iPad. Works great. Not as many of her favorite apps as the iPad but still a hit.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The tablet was a great price i have recently brought expensive tablets but this one does the same job as the others	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an excellent product at an excellent price	Wired Headphones
I really like this product. The kids can play all their games on it (even Minecraft) and they are really enjoying them. The one drawback was that it was hard to get them set up for each person with the parental controls. You really had to fiddle with it to figure that part out.	Wired Headphones
We got this as a gift for our 2 and 5 year old. Love the parental control feature and it is fairly easy for the kids to navigate.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
When I bought this product I never expected it to be anything like this. It has got decent screen quality and response time. Definitely worth the price. Requires amazon account to install apps, read books etc.	Vareebadd Phone
Nice product i can save my cell phone battery by using my tablet and search the web take pictures and more.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This was a gift for my 7 year old granddaughter, so I have no input for this product.She seems happy with it.	Wired Headphones
love this tablet! has a lot of apps for free and great hd screen	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have one and my mother liked mine so I got her one she loves being able to check her email, go on the web, and play games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter is really enjoying her new Kindle that was purchased as a Christmas present.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It was a gift for my mother-in-law and she loves it.	20in Monitor
Can't beat the price a lot cheaper than other companies prices for a tablet and it works well	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for small children and for anyone who is looking to use it for a reading tablet or the internet. It is a bit slow but not to the point where it is frustrating.	Lightning Charging Cable
Kindle is a dependable brand. I only trust iPad, kindle and a galaxy tablet. But none of their prices can ever match the value of the kindle	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product for children to enjoy for a low price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This new Kindle is wonderful!! I am able to read books anywhere, and also connect to the Internet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for kids I would buy more if I needed to	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this Amazon Fire for a Christmas gift during the Black Friday sale. Great product for the price offered!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
works great for what I need it for. Great size for traveling! and great battery life! For only paying $35 bucks you definitely get your money's worth	USB-C Charging Cable
Awesome tablet for the price. Great experience in store there to help when I needed it and not hovering over me while I browsed	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet uses the Amazon version of the Android operating system. Not all apps and functions are available for use on this device. Tablet is reasonably fast and responsive. Screen is sharp and bright with a wide viewing angle. Speaker is minimal and lacks fidelity - external bluetooth speaker (not included) or hard wired audio system(not included) work well . Bluetooth works well. WiFi (N) works well. Both cameras are weak and grainy. Check to make sure the apps you want to use are available and also check to make sure they work well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the best tablet in it's category at a price point which everyone can afford. Big thanks to Amazon for making this possible. The user experience is very good and there are enough number of apps to play around including the must haves like Facebook,Youtube ,Netflix etc.	Flatscreen TV
This is a great little tablet to travel with. It has all we needed to read play games, and watch videos on layovers. And at $36 it was a cannot miss.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought as a gift and it seems to be a pretty good tablet the only down side is the quality of the camera. The picture quality is not great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this for our son for Christmas, he's 9. It is exactly what he needed, plenty of games, he can watch videos, etc but I can feel safe with him using it thanks to the easily set parental controls.	27in FHD Monitor
got the product during the thanks giving sales, good buy. The product is used primarily for reading, it does the job very well	Wired Headphones
This is a fantastic tablet and only cost $35. Can't beat it. It has ads but they're not obnoxious. Would definitely recommend it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a awesome tablet. For the price it is a awesome tablet. It is perfect size to play games. Though little small for watching videos, it works perfect for daily use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love this! Great for reading my ebooks, playing games and social media. At this low price you cant go wrong!	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet for my mother as a christmas present. She is not tech savy to say the least. Once she got it set up she has fallen in love with. I would highly recommend this tablet to anyone	Google Phone
Bought 3 Amazon fire tablet on Black Friday and the family love it	USB-C Charging Cable
My 3 year old love it.. Cool apps and easy to use!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great tablet for the money. I mostly use it for movies. Plan on getting an sd card, storage runs out fast	27in FHD Monitor
My girlfriend and I purchased this for her nephew and he absolutely loves it. He is able to play his games on it and his Mom is able to read books to him before bed. Great product for any age.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works well for beginner or a child. Great gaming tablet	USB-C Charging Cable
If you want to read books without the bulky books, this is what you need. Lightweight even.	USB-C Charging Cable
awesome for this price i purchased it o thanksgiving for just $35	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an awesome tablet for the price. Kindle got it right.	Wired Headphones
I would highly recommend this as a beginner tablet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought 2 for each of my children and they love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Loved this as a Xmas gift !! Recommend to all!!!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great value for an awesome gadget. Love it so much	Lightning Charging Cable
A gift for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Wow - bought this on Black Friday. The quality of construction is fantastic. The display is really good. I bought an RCA Tablet at Walmart in 2014- this absolutely blows it away. Display is good. Apps are good. Maybe a little slow ( not laptop fast) but over all speed is satisfactory. Definitely recommend. I'd buy at full price and still be impressed.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The price was right and just what my husband needed. Easy to use and setup.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughters love this tablet and all they can do.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product... Had gone to Walmart... Priced very expensive... Best Buy saved the day...	LG Washing Machine
When purchased it wouldnt turn on. After doing some research everyone said theirs did that after dropped or being dropped in water. I FINALLY got it to come on.	Product
Bought this for my 6 year old granddaughter because of the price. I may go back and get myself one. It takes great pictures. And it is easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
both adults and children will be delighted with this tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Although I am satisfied and happy with my purchase, it was slimmer and longer than I'd expected.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This kindle is really good for the price. Screen is too small for me,but for my daughter it is perfect. Does a lot of cool things.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This has been a great tablet specially for children.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The tablet is good, the kids enjoy it, and is easy to use but the camera could be a bit more upgraded but for the price its a great deal.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use, easy to handle, and good for her to learn responsibility for her own device!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The kindle fire is a great tablet, you can do lots with it and it seems well made.	USB-C Charging Cable
Is easy and nice tablet. I love it... I can share my account with my husband.	Wired Headphones
Very satisfied with this product ! Works great! Does all I need	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm pleased with the Amazon Fire. It puts web browsing and a reader in a device that will fit in my purse. As a Black Friday special the price was almost 'too good to be true'.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
So far so good I am absolutely loving this tablet and its durability . neat features and abilities for the price!	Wired Headphones
Mainly purchased for my kids to watch movies on long road trips. Put in a 64gb microsd card and you have endless entertainment!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids say this tablet is great for their needs. The camera is poor, but not a big deal since they had no intention of using the tablet as a camera.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for beginners or anyone and a great value	Apple Airpods Headphones
I enjoy reading my Kindle and also wanted the benefits of a tablet. Kindle Fire offers both options for me. It's not much heavier than my Kindle reader and the size is only slightly larger.	Google Phone
Good product.........................................................	USB-C Charging Cable
It's fast small cute and great for web. I gave a few as gifts and everyonel over it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for my daughters to play apps on and to watch Netflix shows. It's nice that it has 2 cameras and expandable memory. Great price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am very happy with this purchase. Works perfect.	iPhone
I originally was buying one Kindle Fire for my grandson, but after reviewing specifications I decided to buy 2. I am so happy I did!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very functional for my needs. Quick and easy to set up. I love my new Kindle Fire!!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
For the price is great for kids. I like that memory expansion can go up to 128gb	USB-C Charging Cable
It was for my daughter for Christmas. She love it, I'm happy	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought it on Black Friday as a gift for my mom. She's told me about 16 times how much she loves it. The only trade off is a smaller screen but still a great buy for the price	USB-C Charging Cable
This product is totally worth buying. It's perfect for someone who likes to play games or read.	Macbook Pro Laptop
this fire tablet is Good for normal purpose. and this tablet is also useful for childrens	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This product does great for the kids. We haven't had and problems with it.	Wired Headphones
Great product for the price. Whether it be for reading, playing games or surfing the web. Easy to use, good for all ages.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was easy to setup. The kids love it! Pretty good battery life.	Vareebadd Phone
I got is for one of my family members and he loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
I started out liking the tablet but having to change a lot of the settings. It works good but I really did not like the advertisements that were appearing.	Vareebadd Phone
Great purchase. Easy to operate and smooth transaction.	Wired Headphones
Very small tab with a great resolution. Price is also low.	ThinkPad Laptop
It's a great tab for low end applications. Especially for kids.	Google Phone
Great for young ages and can be stored easily in school backpack	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my younger sister. She's 9 and uses it to stream Netflix and play games. She tells me it's fantastic	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is definitely not an iPad or a high end tablet. Nevertheless, for the discounted price that i paid on it (so, less than $50), it is well worth getting. I wanted something bigger while waiting for the next iPad Air to come out, and this fits the bill for paying little and getting a basic low end tablet. It is geared towards Amazon media consumption, ad it does that decently even with a screen resolution less than HD. If the sale comes back again where it is $15 off, I would not hesitate to recommend it again.	USB-C Charging Cable
Gave this to my mom and dad and they love it! Perfect!	Google Phone
"My parents loved receiving this for Christmas! Old people friendly. ;)"	Wired Headphones
Bought for a 7 yr old. Very light weight which is nice, has sufficient memory. Would be nicer if you didn't need an amazon account to set up.	Wired Headphones
We are loving this for our son! Fast and comes with all apps he loves!	Lightning Charging Cable
The Fire Tv. Stick and fire Tablet are great for beginners	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i bought this for my 4yr old sister and a 32gb memorystick to put all her movies on it and it works great, but you have to find a app that plays it since the install one was a little hard to use for a kid	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's a good tablet for a good price I also love the free trial of amazon prime	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great little starter tablet for my son and his cousins!	USB-C Charging Cable
Gift for my mother in law she really liked it but it heats up a little to much.. it's good overall	Lightning Charging Cable
I was a great price for a tablet! I would buy this tablet again.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought as gift and great tablet for price! Awesome	Flatscreen TV
Really good for reading and watching movies and playing games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I hope to have it set up for my disabled daughter sooon	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my nieces and nephews and they love it. Parental controls are easy to set.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to setup, quick delivery! Great for beginner users of technology.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Maybe im just partial to anything Amazon does but this tablet rocks!	Google Phone
I purchased for Christmas gifts, kids are loving so far!	Lightning Charging Cable
Has some good apps and performance is good for the specs.	Apple Airpods Headphones
bought for child , great gift love the item would recommend it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this in thanksgiving sale. It's a great loss price tablet at the sale price but would not buy it for regular price. Would go for HD model instead by playing a bit extra though.	USB-C Charging Cable
Problem is battery life. Seems short compared to earlier models.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is great for someone who LOVES Amazon and has prime. The video playback is in HD and is spectacular	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased these for a few christmas gifts to give away.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a good cheap tablet. The ads on the lock screen are a major downfall.	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids (10 & 11) both got one of these for Christmas and they have been attached to it since opening it. Great for all the games they like and watching Netflix and it was a fairly priced device which are all the reasons we got them. Not sure if it has everything an adult would want in a mobile device since I didn't get it for me but my kids sure do seem to love it so I can definitely say I recommend this for a young child.	Google Phone
Bought for my daughter as an upgrade from her last one, and she loves it!!! I also bought another for her sister and both girls can navigate everything really easy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It is a nice Kindle for the price. Works and runs well for all i needed	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet for my child and it hasn't disappointed. Easy to use and intuitive.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this tablet for my daughter after having a Nabi in the past. I myself had one of the first generation Fire and loved it. In comparison to the Nabi this is a much better buy! Over all the price and App Store are so much better.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for myself and just love it! It's just as nice as the Kindle.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for the price. My aunt is still loving it with no complaints.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This Fire tablet was worth every penny of the $35 price tag on Black Friday. We bought 6 of them as gifts and should've bought 6 more. I could've handed them out to a few others that were jealous. Lol	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Basic and no frills,exactly what i wanted for travel :-)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Cheap, I bought this for my son. If you can't afford an iPad, get this.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my three kids and so far there are no complaints. Easy to use!	Apple Airpods Headphones
can't go wrong with it, my first ever tablet, it's worth the price	Wired Headphones
Don't know much about this item. I purchased it on Black Friday for my niece. Hope she likes it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this tablet! It's user friendly and my kids love it! I'm so glad I bought this tablet!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is really good for reading and may be used for some browsing. this is overall good deal for the price	LG Dryer
The screen is sharp and response is good. Set up is easy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I would give this tablet great recommendations for anyone to buy it. We purchased for family members in Mexico and they love i. Easy to use. Great buy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this item not to play games, but to use as a search tools and read newspapers and books . Works perfectly. Great Price for Xams.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet for my kids ages 7 and 6. They love them! !!	Lightning Charging Cable
Kids have only had for 3 days and love them. Screen doesn't seem to slide as well as other fire devices. But screen protector solved that anyway	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love Kindle fire bought for an elderly friend and she just love the ease of use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great deal on this tablet, easy for my son to use.	iPhone
This tablet is so great. It's easy to use, the price tag is amazing! The App Store has a great selection. I would recommend to just about anyone.	Wired Headphones
Good to get additional accessories on Thanks giving...	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased these for my grandchildren, ages 3 to 9. Not a lot of power/performance but great for the kids. They have downloaded books from amazon and viewed movies on Netflix. One downfall was my Grandson could not connect his tablet to his MiP's robot he received for Christmas. Would not recommend this tablet to those seeking computer performance like that of the large more functional tablets like Samsung Dell and others	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought the tablets for our kiddos for a great price on a Black Friday deal! Our kiddos love it and it's perfect for their school programs!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought These for my kids, they like playing games on it. My only complaint is they take hours to charge.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was looking for something easier to read emails with than my phone, but small and light for travel. This is just the right size. I have an 11 inch tablet but it is too large and heavy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I brought this tablet based on word of mouth. After buying this item I see that it is easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
After rooting and placing play store on it I liked it more. Not bad for the price.	20in Monitor
Very nice looking, but the setup could use some work.	
Yes I will recommend to everybody because I buy 2 of them and my goddaughter And son like it	Apple Airpods Headphones
My grandson loves his Christmas gift and has not put it down yet. I will buy another for the other grandchildren.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great price and lots of free apps! Definitely happy I purchased it!	Wired Headphones
Does everything I asked of my Kindle - I read and play games - but also does so much more if you need to, including taking photos. A very cost-effective little tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought one for my son a while back, now got one for my daughter. Great tablet for whole family at a great price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought 2 for the kids and they seem happy with them.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this tablet for my kids(ages 3 to 8). Really good starter tablet with excellent parental controls on it. Does not necessarily have all the bells and whistles, but still an excellent tablet, especially for the kids!	Lightning Charging Cable
Got it for 35 bucks for my son and he loves it so I'm happy	Wired Headphones
Bought on Black Friday for a Christmas present and it has been worth every penny!	USB-C Charging Cable
I love that this tablet has a variety of apps that can be easily be taken to places	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought this for a family member and he loves it. Great value for the price!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is fast and my daughter loves it. She can play on it and also read books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love it their first tablet they pay on it all the time	Wired Headphones
It's exactly what I was looking for. My sister was very happy with it and it meets her needs.	USB-C Charging Cable
very fast and kid friendly for my young son gifts.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great price! Got it for my kid for Christmas. He loves it! He plays games on it and streams Netflix with ease!	USB-C Charging Cable
I have an older Kindle & this has so many more options. It has a camera & more apps.	ThinkPad Laptop
I was looking for a Kindle Fire because I have had other android tablets in the past and most times the Kindle app makes them crash or takes up too much space on the tablet. I like it for reading but it isn't as great for other things and you are not allowed to have the Google Play store on it because that competes with the Amazon app store. However, not all apps are available on the Amazon app store so this was an immediate drawback for me. I will keep this and use it but in the future I will not buy Kindle tablets again.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for the money. I got it on black friday and am so glad I did get a few of them for the entire family. The biggest thing that sold me on this is that I am able to use parental controls and not worry about what my little kids are watching, reading, or playing. Go buy it for the family, you won't regret it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my wife for Xmas. Also bought 3 more for each of my kids. Great interface, easy to use. Suggest buying a memory card as well for storage of all the apps.	27in FHD Monitor
Great small tablet with great value!Must get one ASAP... You can't beat this price!!	Lightning Charging Cable
She has no idea that this item has limitations and was thrilled to receive a tablet with a camera. She seems to be entrenched in it 24/7 so it must be working.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet, especially for the price. I didn't know exactly what I would use this for when first purchased, but have found many cool uses.	20in Monitor
The tablet works good for my son with the games he use	Google Phone
I brought this for my nephew(6). He loves it does everything that the high dollar tablets do but at a fraction of the the cost. A very good buy!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this on black Friday for $35. Even at the regular price of $50, it's a steal. It is a basic tablet that will download apps and go on the internet. While the internet browser isn't that great, it is comparable to a phone system, which costs a lot more.	Vareebadd Phone
Would recommend it 100%. EASY TO USE GREAT FOR KIDS	Bose SoundSport Headphones
First time I have ever used a Kindle Fire and I wasn't disappointed. It is very good tablet. The only downside is that there aren't that many apps like the Google store has.	Lightning Charging Cable
Every time it was turned on and Every time I went to the Internet I had advertisement. If I'm going to pay money for something I certainly don't want advertisement along with it. If it were free okay fine advertise to me.The advertisement could not be shut off. I returned it.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet performs very well. It is great for someone that does not need a sophisticated tablet. Great value for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for my husband to play his games on(clash of clans). The BB salesperson assured me he would be able to use it for that. Got it home, turns out you can only use/gets apps from the Amazon store which does not include games like clash of clans. It was already opened and set up so I gave it to my 6 yr old. He plays a few games on it and watches some movies, but would much rather play with the iPad.	iPhone
Easy to operate. Easy to download books. Size is great for carrying in a purse. Color is really good. Very happy with this product.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased 3 of these, one for each of my children.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought 2 Fire tablets so my boys would not be starng at their iPhones for games. They were thrilled!	USB-C Charging Cable
This Amazon fire tablet is a nice little tablet. Picture is sufficient for the price. Audio output is on back so if it's in a case, the sound is muted, but otherwise nice tablet for the price....	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for a 3 year old great for kids for games and movies	Wired Headphones
We bought two of these for our kids and they both love them! Easy to set up and operate. They are a welcome improvement over them using their phones for all the apps and games they enjoy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good working tablet. Just the right size and glad that I am able to add a memory card. Good apps available for this tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Daughter loves it and great customer service! Educational and fun!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I was looking for a basic tablet for normal use - games and music - and this tablet answered my need and to top it up fit my budget as well. I bought this during the thanks-giving season this year and is worth the price I shelled out. Bestbuy as usual shipped it in time and free shipping was just an icing on the cake :-). Would recommend this to anyone.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Order two and love them. Great gifts for anybody get cases for them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is exacting what it is, an inexpensive, decent tablet. I got it for grandchildren to use for game apps and books from Amazon.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought the fire for my father for Christmas. The is his first tablet and I was afraid he would not use it. He has not put it down and it could not be more user friendly! I would recommend to anyone looking for a low cost tablet!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
It really is helpful to have this tablet around. It's really good for its price but the camera isn't so good but it still is a great deal.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very convenient item to use. Easy to read ebooks and came with one month of Amazon Prime.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 9 year old and it is perfect for reading books and playing games. My only disappointment is with kindle because if I put him as I child under my account he has access to my books, which I do not want to happen. I had to create an account just for him.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not as good as the HDX but does well for $50. Also much slower than HDX. Screen is more pixelated than anticipated. Would probably spend more next time and get a quicker unit.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice device not bad on sale. You get what you pay for.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good item. Works well for child. easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a great product foe the money. Was able to download games for kids with no problems. Easy to access parental controls for myself..love it	Wired Headphones
Nice to download games works well for kids for a great price !	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is good tablet if you do not high expectations of performance, good for traveling by car and use to see maps or give to kids	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for my K classroom!! Great price for student use!!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I hesitated initially when purchasing this tablet, mostly because I have never had a tablet or e-reader and wasn't sure I could figure out how to use it. Even though this table comes with virtually no instructions, there is a lot of information online and it is very intuitive, even for a total novice. Now, just about a month since my purchase, I am loving this tablet so much and am so happy I purchased it. The price break made it an even sweeter purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This isn't a high performance tablet but i didn't expect it to be for the price. It's perfect for playing app games, reading, and web browsing. The biggest downfall is the limitations on customizing the home screens.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a replacement for a previous Fire. My wife loves it and the Fire does what she needs	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this kindle fire. Awesome product for an incredible price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My granddaughter has the kids version so I purchased this one for an older nephew and he lives this kindle.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my mom and it's great. I have a fire and I love reading on it so I knew she would to.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got it for my 2 year old nephew. He is now completing puzzles and playing educational games on it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For the price this was a great tablet for my kids. They love it!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Hard to beat, especially during Black Friday at $35. Meets the needs.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a good tablet for the price, however, it runs slow and the touch screen response is not the best. This isn't the right tablet if you're looking for a high speed, high performance tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I bought this as a requirement for my sons class. It was easy to set up, and he uses it with no problem at all. He just uses it for research in class, so I didn't want to spend a lot money-or give him my tablet, but I'm very pleased with all he's able to do on it. The price just seals the deal; I'm very pleased overall and would repurchase the tablet."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like what you get for the price. But it is a little tricky for my kids to figure out so I do have to help them a lot.	Lightning Charging Cable
As good if not better than many other more expensive tablets	Google Phone
This table works okay but slow. Warning, this device is ad subsidized for the price, meaning you have to see ads.	Flatscreen TV
Easy to use economical and portable.I intially bought just for reading but it has been useful in apps facebook etc.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Realy good tablet for a great price can't go wrong	Google Phone
Nothing flashy. If you want something simple that you can just grab and go, use with babies/toddlers, throw around etc then this tablet is great. If you want something a little more robust save up for one of the more expensive models.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my little cousin and it fitted him perfectly. After 2 or 3 years, i might get him a bigger one.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I tried a few Samsung tables they were junk and I paid 4 times the price for those. this out preformed them 10 fold and was 1/4 of the cost. Still not quite an iPad but for the price there is probably nothing better. Free time for the kids is a great feature.	Wired Headphones
My 8 year old is required to read for 20 minutes a day for school. Something about reading on an electronic device excites and he is willing to read without a fight. Great purchase for us.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 3 year old, so she would have another option for watching her shows besides my iPad. Needless to say, she was too frustrated with the slowness to load the Netflix app, and it would only get internet if you were in the same room as the modem. You really do get what you pay for. If you buy this, don't count on getting online very seamlessly. The Internet browser is really slow to use, but you can get around this by downloading Google Play store to access the Firefox app, which is not offered on the Amazon App Store. Check YouTube for instructions..	Wired Headphones
I bought 3 of these for my kids. the parental controls are good, lacking in some areas but overall what I was looking for. a way to limit what they can do and I control what is on the tablet not them. and I can see their web history etc.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my grandson and he loves it.	20in Monitor
I bought this for my 7 yr old daughter and she loves it! This is a great and inexpensive item for a young child.	Wired Headphones
My kids are loving their kindles and they are easy for them and for me to manage	Apple Airpods Headphones
"We bought WowWee MiP robots for our grandsons, 8 and 11 years old. They don't have iPad or iPhone in their home. So thoroughly researched what else would work for installing the app. Talked with Best Buy salesperson, who said the app could be loaded via the app store (it can't).Kindle Fire 2015 is included on the WowWee ""compatibility"" list. So we bought them each a brand new Kindle in order to use the app. They had Kindles from earlier years, but these wouldn't support the Bluetooth functionality needed for the robots.ABSOLUTE FAIL. We tried EVERY possible configuration (adult vs child Amazon accounts; Bluetooth on first or off first; MiP on first or off first; etc). It never worked at all ~ not even once.Also tried full factory reset on each device, loading the app via a Google Play account, rather than Amazon Kindle account. Google Play wouldn't load the app; said it wasn't compatible with this Kindle device.Opened a ticket on WowWee. The response was that they've had the same experience - the bluetooth on this Kindle fails and so the app doesn't work with the WowWee robots. They admit it fails, yet it's still on their approved list.So this was an absolute waste of money, tho at least the boys can play some free games we loaded for them."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this table for my son to check email, watch movies and play games. He loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet for beginner or casual user. Basic functions.	iPhone
You can't beat a tablet at this price! I bought it mostly for reading books on the go on the Kindle app, but I've also been using it for so much more. I would recommend to anyone looking to buy an extra device at a low price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great item to use with kids. I like adding memory as needed. I love the kindle fire aspects....some items can be read by text to speech.I think the kids will like the camera, their old kindle fires did not have this.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchase 6 i f these tablets for my grandchildren. I was very surprise Iof how great they are. I ordered one for myself. this is a great tablet!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a very nice product for the money. It works great and is so easy to use.	Wired Headphones
Glad I decide to purchase it on black Friday . You can do anything on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great light weight android tablet. It works well for most things that I wanted to use it for. I wanted to see if it would work for board packets but decided that the form factor is too small. As a reader and light weight table it works great. At this price it is a great buy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's the best tablet $50 can buy. touch screen is better then my first gen nexus 7.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this tablet bought 4 for my kids and myself and play games and read on these!	Wired Headphones
This tablet has been perfect for my son. I actually bought 3 and my kids love it. The amazon app store has tons of free games for kids (panda, toca, etc.) my kids are 4, 5 and 10. In my opinion best cheap tablet for a family on the go. Screen is good for kids, seen no lag in performance also. Not sure about camera they never use it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet easy to use and is great for face book, internet, watching movies, and reading. price was great.	20in Monitor
Got this tablet for a great price. Works well and has a fast processor.	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon had the item sold out so I went to best buy to purchase and they had plenty in Stock, in store, which was great.	iPhone
Obviously talking about a budget tablet here so you obviously get what you pay for as always BUT this is a really decent tablet for $35 bucks (what i paid on black friday). does all your basic 'tabby' things and is very mobile. Great for those kids who feel the need for a tablet but you dont wanna break the bank haha.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
you get what you pay for, great little device for very cheap. this would have been a high end tablet a few years ago. to get one for sub 100 and not have it be a p.o.s. tablet from some no name branch is amazing. i use it as an ereader, for games, for second screen when watching movies or playing xbox, etc. great battery, included ads are unobtrusive, really only notice them when they appear on unlock screen or when it makes book recommendations. none of which i mind to save fifteen bucks on the unit. highly recommend. if you lose it or it breaks you barely spent anything on it and just get another one. the microsd support is really nice too	AA Batteries (4-pack)
have purchased 4-5 tablets in my life, always Samsung or Apple, my first experience with an Amazon tablet, very happy with my purchase	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was good enough for reading, check email and watch some movies on internet. It doesn't has a lot of option for free app as Samsung or Apple devices.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Definitely not the largest or most-powerful tablet you can find, but it made an excellent gift for my tech-fearing mom! Facebook, email, reading, web browsing and maybe some Netflix; that's the limit of what she does online and this tablet fits the bill."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
These are Christmas presents for my granddaughters. I am sure they will love them	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice tablet. I use it often. Just the right size. Easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
If you want a tablet for someone that's not the most tech savy, look no further. Seriously, it's the best 50 bucks you will spend.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this as a gift for my mother. It is a great little starter tablet for anyone wanting to surf the web or play some games. I also like it because it is small and portable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
wow. best price for a tablet. if google did with chromecast to pave streaming world, this tablet with amazon underground will be the next phase of free app world to come.	27in FHD Monitor
My son uses this to take notes in class and read material related to class. It has helped him by not having to take along extra books to class.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Really surprised at what this little tablet can do. I am starting to use it more than my iPad. Easier to take on vacation (smaller footprint). More comfortable to hold while reading books online.	Flatscreen TV
A high quality and affordable new toy that anyone should have. Loved it!	Flatscreen TV
I am a teacher and was looking for an inexpensive way for my students play educational games. So far, they are working as I hoped.	Lightning Charging Cable
I am very pleased that I was able to purchase this as a gift for my daughter	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet does everything and it's so much cheaper than an iPad. I don't know why people spend so much for an Apple when you get everything here for a fraction of the cost.	Wired Headphones
I got this tablet for my son at a great price. Plus it is more durable.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was supposed to be my back-up travel type tablet.It has a display that is much better than my bigger tablet.It starts faster.The touch screen is more accurate,.Even at twice the price it would still be a bargain.	Wired Headphones
Great for the kids, made for a great Christmas present.	27in FHD Monitor
"Theses kindle fires ate great for everyone. They are easy to use; have lots of features and are prefect for reading, playing games, getting organized and having fun. My kids use these all the time to do homework on, read books, watch movies and play games. I love that they have decreased the price and are easy for kids to use."	Wired Headphones
i love it it works perfect for my kids. i am getting another for myself	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two of these kindles for two grandsons. They are very good with electronic items even though they are young	Google Phone
Amazon makes great tablets and this is at a great price	Macbook Pro Laptop
had a fire HD, got this to try, spend the extra and get the HD	Wired Headphones
Who would have thought you could get a tablet for $50? It's fast, fits the hand well, and is perfect for traveling.	LG Washing Machine
It is a nice, cheap, small tablet to keep around for vids, Fire TV remote, etc.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Ok for a beginner or young person, or someone just learning the technology.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my son because it's cheap enough for me to replace if he breaks it. I really have no complaints about it, has my music and great apps for my son to use. Not to mention it's easily replaceable. For more visit www.blackliontravel.com	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for kids just learning to use a tablet for the first time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my fire. Easy to carry where ever I go,just great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this is one of my wifes favorite things , plays games , reads books ,	Macbook Pro Laptop
Cheap but very awesome tablet. It has everything that you need	Lightning Charging Cable
This little gadget gives me the same performance as the more expensive model I previously used! Hope it lasts as long as my other one. Is thinner and lighter!	iPhone
Great value for the price, used as a backup to keep at work	Wired Headphones
I've had a kindle fire for over 4 years so I decided to get this one for my daughter and she is going to love it. They're very durable and will meet the needs that she has.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a great device for someone who likes to check emails quickly and good size to hold while reading and to carry with you if you like to read while on the go.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my granddaughter as a Christmas present and she loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
My grandchildren love this. Its the perfit size for them and ot allows them to do all the things they want. The price was also great, much less than a large tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased for an 8 year old. Prefers reading books on the tablet vs hard copy and can play games and watch videos. Well worth the $50 cost	USB-C Charging Cable
I have had one before and I like the new camera feature on this one. Easy to use and the clear picture.	Wired Headphones
Amazon's know for there tablets. Mine works great, good wifi and memory. I love the quad-core processor, great screen, crisp and clear.Comfortable and easy to use. 10/10	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Picked this up for a spare tablet, and at $49 it was a no brainer. Videos, games, books, music work great. lots of capabilities. Screen looks great and it does feel a lot sturdier as it was a more expensive tablet. if you can't find an app, you can install Google Play store (have to search for it online for instructions). I did return this tablet as we specifically bought this to be use while on the treadmill, and you can't access Bravo or E! Tv. They only make apps for iOS (iPad/iPod/iPhone) other than that...its not a problem with Amazon or their tablet, I blame it on Bravo.Excellent tablet otherwise.. I will definitely buy it again in the future. Just don't need it at this moment.	Lightning Charging Cable
LOOOOVVVVVEEEE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the idea that this tablet is expandable to 128GB. The Ipad Mini 2 that I also have does not compare even close to this tablet, as it is not expandable beyond its 16GB. Overall, just an outstanding tablet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is for my mom who only knows the basics of technology. You can play games on it and social networks easily. Anything more advanced I wouldn't recommend. Great product starter tablet for am amazing price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the picture, easy to navigate, light weight and easy travel size . I bought 4 for Christmas presents.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for the price. Easy to navigate. Kids love the games I put on it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was brought for husband, he wore out his first kindle. Excellent value.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is one neat little tablet. Can be used to surf net or read. I use it for both. Light and comfortable to use.	Wired Headphones
I bought 2 of these and they were both Christmas gifts (1) for my daughter and (1) for her daughter. The price was great ! Now, how do I let you know who the owners are and how they can set them up in their names?	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Overall for the price you can't really complain, yes it has directed advertisements on the start screen when you turn it on but again, $50 for a tablet isn't that bad and the ads can be removed by subscribing to Amazon Prime which offers features in itself too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent just 50$ , and has all the features and a vast collection of books	Apple Airpods Headphones
I actually ended up returning this item because I got frustrated with the adds. If it wasn't for that I probably would have given it 5 stars.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to use for daily usage . Small and can be hold using one hand . Very good option for kid .	Wired Headphones
Bought the original Kindle Fire, and was impressed with the latest updated version. Better software, camera, and more apps make this all the more worth the small price. I guess that Amazon takes a loss on the production of this unit to gain your interest in buying their merchandise and using their services. In any case, it works, and I would recommend this to anyone interested in an inexpensive internet access device.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for kids to play games on, good for what they need it.	Wired Headphones
This tablet has all apps needed for anyone. only one things not working with this tablet - this is some apps GPS.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its great it moves fast only problem the battery don't last all that long but its a good tablet I like	Flatscreen TV
Great tablet for my grandkids ranging from 6 years old to 10	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love it my baby really enjoy it she love it I want to order more	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love the apps and set up done by the geek squad and the simple steps to set up	Google Phone
Simple to use. Has its hiccups but for 50 bucks its the best bang for the buck. Purchased for my 6 year okd to replace an older generation model	Wired Headphones
I bought this for Grandpa for Christmas, he has never had a computer or tablet and this was great for the first timer. Easy to use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It was just the worst software I've ever seen you could barely play or do anything	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Would buy again good resolution. Wish the screen was bigger	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this to replace my Samsung Galaxy Tab that was about 3 years old and seemed to be running slow and was a bit heavy for a 7inch tablet. This is much lighter and since I will probably use it mostly to read books and play games like candy crush it is fast and easy to use. Very happy with it so far.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. Good first tablet. Would highly recommend.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My Google Nexus suddenly died with 5 blinks of death so I got this for temporary tablet. Nice to have micro SD slot. Can't find some of my needed apps yet like my BANK. Maybe it's me.It has Single speaker but if I want nice sound I'll use headphones.Maybe a touch dimmer than the Nexus.It fits my old Bluetooth keyboard so I'm good.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The sales rep told me this kindle Fire tablet is easy to set up. Just follow the directions. Three hours later + a trip back to the store, a member of the Geek Squad finally got my e mail to work. He could not tell me why it was a problem. Also the camera quality is very poor. If you use it to check your e mails and browse the web, its fine. Other than that.... oh well.	Lightning Charging Cable
Awesome gift for the price... Small enough tobe carried around everywhere..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Wife wanted something better for her reading and this was Perfect!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great reader. My 14 year old loves it and uses it for school work.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet keeps my daughter busy and happy.she can do so much on it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price! Great product! For a beginner tablet it's useful and fast enough to keep your music and games going!	Lightning Charging Cable
It was an okay purchase for my 6 year old. I definitely wouldn't pouches it for myself. Not much you can do on it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Does everything you need the price is as good as can be expected	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was for my daughters birthday and so far , it's holding up well. She loves it and it does what it was meant ro do. The only drawback is the the screen doesn't get bright like your iphone or Samsung tablets.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was recommended to me by a friend. It's definitely a great buy!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Can't believe how fast this tablet is..great tablet for a small price	Google Phone
It's different than android system's. And to be honest I prefer android.	USB-C Charging Cable
easy to use really bright screen easy to see. worth the money	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablets are cheap and can do alot I've bought many cheap tablets before that weren't good	Flatscreen TV
I like the tablet . It is vary good for reader who likes to read .my kids read books on it alot.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got my mom this kindle for her birthday, she absolutely loves it. Battery lasts long, good quality camera and easy to use!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I was looking for something easy to use if I didn't want to go on the computer and for 50$ this is great	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to use for a beginner and at a great LOW cost with many options for free or to purchase at a low cost. Never used a tablet before and LOVE it for at home or out and about where there is wi-fi available. Books, games, internet and more.....GREAT BUY!	USB-C Charging Cable
This is not a top level tablet, but it was not designed to be one. It is nice to have a toss in the car/backpack/etc. one that performs reasonably well and you don't have to worry about it	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my children. It is great and comes with parental controls. I would highly recommend this tablet.	iPhone
Difficult to convert music files from I-tunes to put on this device and that is why I purchased it. Takes a lot of time to transfer files.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great starter Kindle for the kids. They enjoy the ability to surf.	20in Monitor
Too Much Amazon, not enough Google But for $35.00 to surf the net is ok I guess.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love this tablet, I bought this for my nephew and he absolutely loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Found screen display, easy use and very versatile just the right size	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this just to have a new device to play with. I love it now though and love Amazon Prime.	USB-C Charging Cable
while the price was great the tablet is filled with advertising and is getting slower and slower with usage...	27in FHD Monitor
Great product if you love to read!!! I use it all the time. Love that I can read in the dark with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
over all it worked. was slower than my kindle paperwhite	ThinkPad Laptop
Very easy to use, compact to carry. Great value for price.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I was looking for an inexpensive tablet for my children to learn on, and found that they had dropped the price of the Kindle Fire to $50. This is an unbelievable price for a tablet with this many features.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great $50 tablet that I don't have to worry about kids breaking. Easy to use (if you can operate an Ipad you can use this)	Lightning Charging Cable
"if you don't need a hi-res camera (you've got one on your phone) and you don't plan to watch movies on your tablet, this Kindle is the one for you! It doesn't have all the ""bells and whistles"" but it works great for reading books and playing aps."	Wired Headphones
This is a nice little tablet for a beginner. Can't beat $35.00!	Flatscreen TV
Good size for kids. Recommend buying a case for it since its small	Google Phone
Wanted a simple tablet and this ended up meeting our expectations.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was very satisfied with this tablet. It was priced really cheaply but it is a decent little tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very simple, very light and has all the basic features you will be looking for in a tablet but don't expect a fancy device	AA Batteries (4-pack)
like it has a quad core processor but sad it does not have google play store	Wired Headphones
Great Value for the Price.Came to store to find a holiday gift and the fire was a great pick!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this tablet it's very low maintenance and is easy	Vareebadd Phone
It's affordable, great for kids, it's very good.:)	USB-C Charging Cable
I have one and move it and I bought it for my 9 year old niece and she loves it! Works great!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought four of these tablets for my grandkids for Christmas. I already have three Kindles myself I am very pleased with. It's so easy to use the tablet instead of my desktop computer. Great sound and graphics!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I've had no problems so far, pretty good tablet for the price.	Wired Headphones
Slow and has issues recognizing the sd card. I have enjoyed it however.	Wired Headphones
Got this for both my children after the constant breaks on more expensive products. The best decision I've made!They are happy. Apps are amazing.If you are using this for internet usage... not so much.If going to amazon app store and books, it is awesome!	USB-C Charging Cable
My child loved it!!! She was able to play her games!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great tablet and ereader together. Great for beginner's and all others my six year old son knows how to work this.	Google Phone
Great lightweight tablet you can carry around anywhere	USB-C Charging Cable
I recently purchased this product for my nephew for his birthday he loves it and you can set parental setting to block unwanted content.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I ordered this from online and was worried that it would not function as well as the Amazon Kindle Fire. To my surprise, my children love them! The product was well priced, as well as having great features. I couldn't have brought a better Christmas present for them. I allowed them to customize and wrap their Amazon Fires. They can't wait to open it on Christmas day, as my 5 year old asks ""is it Christmas yet"" every day now lol...I would definitely recommend the purchase of this as well as the protection, it's worth it!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it! Great value for the price. Beautiful picture and it has all the the features she needs for class and social networking.	Wired Headphones
I bought this product as a door prize for a party and it was well received	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this. Easy to use. Love that you can purchase external memory card for this tablet. I am excited to say I purchased 5 of these for family members and I am happy with the tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this on thanksgiving! It was super cheap and I'm glad they had it in stock!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very happy with this gift for my kids! Easy to use and it was a great deal!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
worth the pennybought for my 2 year old daughter who loves playing the games on the amazon store (a decent collection of free games)+ watch you tube or stored videos.Only prob is that haven't found any cable so that it can stream the videos on TV (have to go for Fire TV stick)	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My three yr. Old is loving his tablet. He likes to see the free games and I can monitor very early every time he logs in. Great product for the fam.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet, excellent price. Kids and adults enjoy watch movies, play games, internet, etc.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for a replacement for original Kindle Fire works better than the older one, can take pics front & back, also accepts memory card.	USB-C Charging Cable
i am hoping will we happy with this fire tablet,, have a kindle fire from 2 years ago i really like, but this is so cheap am a little worried, but heard good things and that it is a bang for the buck! hope so! :)	Wired Headphones
For the price. You can't go wrong. If you're looking for something basic and don't want to spend a lot of money. Here's your tablet. Good for kids that will pretty much will ruin you're expensive ipad or something.	Google Phone
We bought this for our son. He is rough on electronics. Great price	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought the original Fire for my daughter a few years ago, and she unfortunately lost it in our out of state move. This updated version is a replacement for that and she couldn't be happier. Great for kid's to read books, stream movies and tv, or playing games.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a Christmas gift so we haven't been able to fully review it but it was very simple to set up, add apps and games. I really like the parental controls!	Lightning Charging Cable
very good for the price. our kid loves to play with it.	Google Phone
can't beat the price, decent size, makes a great gift this holiday season.	iPhone
THIS ITEM IS GREAT FOR A 15 YEAR OLD. IT IS JUST WHAT SHE NEEDED.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Definitely not as smooth as hoped, then again for the price. But internet browser was really bad and you can't add chrome out the box	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great! This tablet has a great picture and moves much quicker than I expected.	Lightning Charging Cable
i got this for my 4 year old granddaughter for her to you tube and its great.	LG Washing Machine
Bought this as present for the sister. She loves it. For browsing the internet and the occasional games its perfect. Would definitely recommend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
perfect for kids. reading, internet, Netflix, and games	20in Monitor
Better than expected for the price. Sturdy enough for regular use, fast enough for streaming and fits nicely in the hands or on the lap.	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet for my mom and she loves it!!! Very easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect timing since this is going to replace the original kindle that was bought for my daughter. Definitely can't complain about the price	Flatscreen TV
Could not beat the price and the kindle fire is a nice tablet to have for reading, playing games, letting grandkids play on.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
First, let me say, that I only took one star away, because even after getting I touch installed, my little girl can turn the unit off or mess with whatever is playing by pushing buttons. Not sure if it would have been worth it to pay the extra fifty for the kids edition. Aside from that one single item, this has been an excellent purchase.	27in FHD Monitor
Great for a good read or binge watching in your bedroom. Slim size tablet so it fits perfectly in your palm	Lightning Charging Cable
I have enjoyed becoming familiar with all the services available on my kindle!	27in FHD Monitor
Bought for gift for my 8 year old niece she loved it it's great for a starter and well priced	Wired Headphones
good tablet for my purpose. using when wanting to look up things when not at computer	Wired Headphones
Well worth the $50 for a nice tablet. It fits the bill. Nice display, no frills.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this on Black Friday. Clear screen and just the right size for toddlers to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my dad and he loves it! Light weight and easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 2 of these tables for the daycare center and they are just great to work with and the children love them.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is a great product. Easy to use and very user friendly.	Vareebadd Phone
Great Price on a nice little tablet , easy to use !!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My daughter loves this tablet. It's not as big and flashy as some but it has all the bells and whistles needed.	Wired Headphones
The tablet is great for only $50 but certainly not the most touch responsive. It feels a little slow to me. It also irked me that you have to pay extra to remove the ads from the lock screen.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Would recommend for anyone great value big screen great features	Apple Airpods Headphones
just getting this kindle figured out. so far I like what I see.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My first tablet purchase & is perfect for my needs. Very easy to operate.	Lightning Charging Cable
the screen is mediocre. the processor is good, very little storage. and you have to deal with ads, every time you turn on the screen. You can pay to have them removed. for that price you can get a better screen, more storage and open ecocistem. that is not tied only to amazon	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought two of these for the kids so they would not fight and could each have their own. They love them so far. I like that I can add an SD card for extra storage.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great black Friday deal. Love the tablets. Recommended	Wired Headphones
Using the tablet on a daily basisEasy to use especially for reading msgs and news items.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this to replace my Nook reader, $50 for a Fire vs $140 for a new Nook was a no brainer. I had to use Calibre to convert some epub books to mobile format on the Fire, but that was easy. The ability to use WiFi to check email, surf the web, it's miles ahead of the black and white Nook.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a awsome tablet and a great value love it!	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet offers amazing value for the price. It is not hd but still offers good resolution. Reminds me of the graphics on the first iPad or iPad mini 1. Performance is right up there with the more expensive models. With the ability to add more storage with an SD card, and Amazon customer service, you really can't go wrong with this one.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a really good tablat at a good price.. my sister bought one naby tablet from another store at $200 and is not even working she has troble to charge the naby tablet for that reason i gave her the amazon tablet is not expensive and also has good feautures.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I ordered two for my grandchildren for Christmas and decided to get one for me on the black Friday deal because I couldn't beat the price. I've been using it for about 1 week and so far I am really liking it and my grandkids will love it. They only issue I've had is the 3rd day I couldn't get it to charge so had to do a hard restart but now the charger cord that came with it no longer works but its too short anyway so I use a micro usb cord I had. I've read that this is an issue with these but who doesn't have an extra micro usb cord laying around.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablet is very durable, and it also contains sufficient applications. Good quality.	Wired Headphones
I brought this tablet for my 5 year old nephew. For 50.00 He can stay off mine and enjoy Netflix and you tube. Plus it has parental control. Greatest gift ever!	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is great for a first time tablet owner lots of features	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this tablet for my daughter and she loved it again great tablet.	Wired Headphones
Decent product. Not so much if you're used to android software. You can't get your photos saved in google. More than half of my music collection vanished once the memory card was inserted. Basicly have to hack the thing to get any apps outside of amazon and then reliability is poor. Exchanged it for am android tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
Would be better if you could use the Google play store, still haven t figured out how to download yet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My wife's laptop bit the dust and I needed a low-cost solution so she could read her email and surf the net. This device does the job. I was impressed with the quality for $50. I have no complaints. Cheap, easy to use and keeps the wife happy. Good deal!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Before you conclude it does not have enough, look at what it can do and read the specs.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I Bought This For My Five Year Sister. It's Easy To Use & She Loves It. She Had A Nabi Before But The Charger Port Wasn't Suited For A Young Child It Was Easy To Break. This Tablet Is Ten Times Better All Around.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for a Christmas present for family member, great value.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I've avoided an e-reader as my tablet served well. When Amazon released this new Kindle Fire for $50, I thought, why not? I'm traveling a lot and it's nice and compact.Whoa! It also doubles as a tablet, as far as being able to access Internet, email, other things; the Amazon app (I can't remember the name, but it's pre-installed) has hundreds of free--yes, free--apps.I'm delighted to the point I've now purchased two more as gifts. I did add an SD card to increase storage space, but that was minor. Great product; excellent buy!"	Flatscreen TV
I have two Apple I-Pads that my students and I use in my third grade classroom. I've wanted one for home use but didn't want the expense. This Amazon Fire tablet does just about as much as my school Apple I pads but at less than a quarter of the cost. The amazon fire tablets are smaller but easy to use and amazingly fast loading! wish i had one for each student!	20in Monitor
We're really enjoying it. The price was right. Great 4 a beginner	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Can't really tell you much as I gave it as a gift but it has been well received.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought three of these tablets. They are the best tablets around. They are very fast and durable as well. They are simple to use both of my children use them. I haven't had any issues with this product.	Wired Headphones
It was on sale. Worth it for a first time tablet buyer for something inexpensive	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Pretty good tablet for the cost, I would highly recommend!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
a great tablet for the price, i love now that the amazon fire tablet has a micro sd slot. lightweight, connect to net easy,	USB-C Charging Cable
For the money this tablet can't be beat. great for kids or adults who aren't looking for a powerful tablet.	Google Phone
Pros:InexpensiveExpandable storageGood for Amazon Prime members and Amazon shoppersCons:Slow/sluggish performanceLack of apps (no YouTube, Instagram etc)Some available apps crash or can not be installedTouch screen freezesScreen resolution is not sharp or bright, greenish hueToo many links/ads to buy thingsSound quality is not goodWiFi onlyConclusion:For the price the Amazon Fire 7 Tablet is good for those who want an eReader that can also access email, Facebook and Amazon Prime but the lack of apps, cheap construction and buggy performance keep it from being a good, full-featured tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this. It is great. One of the best things I ever bought. It can do so much.	Apple Airpods Headphones
You cannot beat the price on this tablet, but there is no bluetooth. Also, it really hits you hard with advertising and trying to get you to do everything through amazon. We bought it to use in the kitchen with our digital cookbooks.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I read mixed reviews on these tablets and nearly talked myself out of buying one, but then on Black Friday the price hit 35 bucks temporarily, so I bought it.I am really happy that I did.While it's no where near that of the Apple devices in overall image quality, it puts out a pretty nice screen view with plenty of color and brightness.I was able to download all the main social media apps, several streaming content apps, and plenty of games to mess around with all for free. So far only 1 app has ""crashed"" on me resulting in a restart.The size is perfect, almost fits in a man's jeans back pocket without a case, but large enough to enjoy looking at for extended periods.Battery seems to hold up well, and the buttons are working as they should, with quick transitions and processing.I added a 64GB SD card to store things later, but I never planned on using it for much more than an around the house browsing or streaming device.The camera works well.The sound is decent.They make cases just like that of the Apple tablets for as little as 8 bucks.Bottom line, it's not the best tablet, but it is a good one for someone who's never used one or just wants one for general purpose use. I would trust a device from Amazon a lot quicker then some of these cheaper tablets.We bought 4 more to give away at Christmas we liked ours so much."	Lightning Charging Cable
Great and easy setup. Easy to use for people that don't have much tech experience	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for a present for someone, and they love it. They really wanted an e reader not a tablet and that's why he loves it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Awesome little tablet. It isn't the fastest, but it gets the job done. Bought one for my father and one for myself. He uses it to watch DIY videos on YouTube and online browsing. I do the same and also listen to my Spotify playlists. It's pretty cheap too!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
we love this tablet and the price. awesome deal. it was so good we going back to get two more. it's amazing .. can't say no more except get you one	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet to connect to my hdtv. After not being able to get it to connect, I called Amazon customer care who informed me that this model doesn't connect to the tv, but the previous model (4th generation) does and that I should purchase the Amazon fire stick. Why the newer model does less...who knows. If you want to watch movies just on the tablet then it's a great buy, but didn't work for my purposes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
not top of the line but don't let the price fool you. If you don't already have a tablet and not looking to spend a lot this is perfect. Plenty of free apps and games. You get the most for your dollar on this product, makes a great gift for friends and family.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love it , this was a great investment for my family	Wired Headphones
My mother has the larger Amazon tablet, which prompted me to purchase this version. The tablet screen seemed smaller than a standard 7' tablet, so I returned it.	iPhone
I bought this item for my kid for 35$ and enjoying lot. Compared to other Tabs this is a great bargain.Pros: Its easy to use , battery is excellent works for long, even while games are being played.Strong body and very good touch sensitive.Cons: Screen resolution looks little grayish , not bright enough. which probably is good for kid eyes while playing longer.	Wired Headphones
Small tablet, I have an Ipad but this item is great to take along fits in your purse and is very durable. I have purchased 3 other for family.	Apple Airpods Headphones
so beautiful and system is very good and the app is good too.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Its worth to buy this table for the price. elegant design and response. feel better than samsung tab	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got for a 4 year old solely for games has enough memory for kid apps	USB-C Charging Cable
The resolution on the games is not good. I didn't even try to watch Netflix because i knew it wouldn't show clearly. Also, it is slow using the internet. I assumed it would look and work like Android but i wrong. Everything is Amazon which i am unfamiliar with. Honestly, it is better for reading books. I returned for something more diverse and better.	
Was a nice deal for 50 bucks can't beat that and its fast and works great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet does what it supposed to do, however, if you have one of the newer smart phones with a large screen there just isn't enough difference in the screen size to justify a second piece of equipment.	27in FHD Monitor
Great kindle for the price nice picture for a 7 inch screen	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought my wife one, she bought me one a few weeks later and now I'm going to buy my mamma one. Great on the go, take to work and business trip device. My little girl loves learning on the kids ABC and coloring app!	27in FHD Monitor
It is an amazing product for beggnners, high quality materIals amd fast processor	ThinkPad Laptop
50 bucks and It's still a good tablet . I have issues with it cause I've always used the iPad so it's a completely different experience .I just wanted something to watch movies while I rode the train and this is perfect . The biggest flaw is the ads everytime you turn it on but makes up with the capability of adding storage . Look 50 bucks for a good tablet is cheaper than a night out with friends	iPhone
I purchased this tablet for my mother for the camera, reading books, and emailing. Awesome price and value!	Wired Headphones
The unit seems to have a sturdy build and it loads and unloads very quickly	Lightning Charging Cable
I thought $49 for a Kindle tablet was a fantastic price until the Black Friday deal of $35. I did add a 32gb memory card. Kindle Freetime is great. My 6 year old loves the tablet. Works great with many kid friendly apps. I also put a kid proof cover.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had an old kindle, and its battery was beginning to fail. The Kindle Fire 7 replaces it, with much more functionality. It does, however, require charging more often.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
restricts use of some web pages- including barnes and nobles where I have a library- useless to read the books in my Barnes library	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For the little price I paid this was a good buy for the kids. I prefer the Amazon tablets for my kids so they can be more involved with reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great to read books and it do almost everything a table will do	Wired Headphones
Don't expect top of the line performance from this 50 dollar unit but it has really nice picture ok sound and good battery life. Shortcomings would be small memory causing laggy performance at times unless you keep your storage amount low on the built in memory.	Wired Headphones
I bought about 5 tablets before. This is the best tablets I ever bought.	Vareebadd Phone
Only reason I was not able to rate this five of five is that the app 3m cloud library is not yet compatible so getting books from the library requires an older app which does not work as well.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
A really nice tablet for a first time owner. Works great and has a decent sized screen	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had a tablet that was stolen and I was happy to replace it with this one it is just as nice and easy to use!	iPhone
Works great with a prime account. Get 1 free book per month. only problem is if you have 2 tablets you both have to share the same book. Works great with my local library..(Remember those?)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"For me it is too small. I would prefer it to be 8""."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I originally bought this tablet for my granddaughters birthday gift. When I saw how easy it was for her to access her homework and other reading materials she needed for school I was so impressed I bought 5 more for each one of my grand kids for Christmas I would recommend this tablet to family & friends.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product easy to use and scroll, better than a competitor product we purchased	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I do not have any complaints regarding this product.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this kindle to replace my aging kindle fire 2 nd generation. Battery life is improved with new features. Display is excellent. Love having a camera. Very happy customer!!!!	Wired Headphones
This is for a present. I have one of these for myself and love it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like my new amazon fire. Great price for a tablet. I choose it for my daughter Christmas gift. Since she is 7 years old, she need to study a lot on some apps her school required. She love play apps games too. It's a must.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got it on sale for $34.99 so I can say I got more than my moneys worth so far so good.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is a nice gift for my granddaughters , they spending a lot of time reading books on this and they have a fun time with the games . Love it	27in FHD Monitor
Love the Kindle Fire. Was a previous Nook user. This is so much better and am so much more happier with it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My old Kindle Fire got pushed into the water by my cat, so I bought a new one. It's OK, but nothing to write home about. Kinda of slow and the size is a little awkward.....too narrow. It'll do, and the price is right, but if you can afford more, buy a better tablet.	Wired Headphones
I have been wanting to get a Kindle for my children and happened to see this at Best Buy. Couldn't pass up a fantastic Kindle at a great price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is excellent. Hard to imagine all these features can be in this unit for under $50.00...It is a must buy, especially if you have children who like to use your tablet. Perhaps buy them one of their own....For us it is one of a few tablets we own, but it is one we are glad to have.	Macbook Pro Laptop
my daughter loves it. she plays several games on her kindle.	20in Monitor
Good price for a tablet. I was really impress with all that it could do.	20in Monitor
Love the Kindles. I give them for gifts. Love access to free books	iPhone
Love my new Kindle. The picture is clear. The camera takes beautiful pictures. Happy with this purchase.	Apple Airpods Headphones
For 50 bucks, it's a nice starter tablet. Wish it had Bluetooth but can't really complain at this price	Apple Airpods Headphones
It does the job for me. Its small and portable. Keep it in air plane mode with the wifi for longer battery life.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablet works only when it wants too. I have to restart it all the time for it to work properly. Only have 2 weeks with it and the youtube app sucks it doesn't work properly	Lightning Charging Cable
So what they have adds. My wife got it for $50 and I know on Black Friday it was $35. Where else are you going to find a color screen for that price. It works well and couldn't be happier.	USB-C Charging Cable
I gave this to my 3 yr old to play games and watch movies. My TV's have been reclaimed!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
for an inexpensive tablet it works great. does the basics very well.	Lightning Charging Cable
Think of it as a solid, but generic iPad. It's not as impressive as what Apple does, but it's respectable. Purchased for a friend and he's loving it.	iPhone
enjoy all the upgrades. would suggest it to others	Wired Headphones
I love, love, love this Kindle Fire 7. I Like the size, the quality and most especially, the price. This product greatly exceeded my expectations. I use it every day. I recommend this Kindle Fire 7 to anyone who is thinking of buying a Kindle Fire. I am telling all of my friends about it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This has to be one of the best deals around - The screen resolution is good, the speed is adequate and it is versatile as a reader, game device or internet tablet.	Wired Headphones
Bought as replacement for Kindle HD 7 2012 model. Works great, considering the price. The expandable storage is awesome!	Apple Airpods Headphones
got it for my son to replace his old one and for the kids free time app good so far	Google Phone
It's a very good one for my children to play with so	USB-C Charging Cable
Sure. It's not an iPad, but it's only 50 bucks! Amazon is taking a loss on these in order to sell you their content. There are a few restrictions, like an advertisement on the lock screen and only access to Amazon's App store. These are small prices to pay for such a wonderfully performing tablet. Also, Amazon Underground gives you access to a ton of paid apps for FREE. If this is your first tablet purchase, it is definitely a winner. For those not new to the tablet world, it is definitely worth having just to carry around when you need it. You won't feel so bad if someone steals it or you lose/break it as opposed to an iPad. Just buy it already!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Last year I bought other tablet and this year this one it is really a better then any other brand.	Lightning Charging Cable
Was a great deal for my daughter for Christmas, her last one broke.	27in FHD Monitor
The Amazon Fire is a very good tablet that is very user friendly and the price is great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I haven't found anything I don't like about this! It is just what I was looking for!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had always wanted a fire tablet and when this deal came along I couldn't pass it up! Great tablet and well worth the price! Lots of apps to choose from, easy to set up and use!!! I highly recommend this tablet for anyone!	ThinkPad Laptop
Seems to be relatively user friendly but as a new tablet owner, I would have appreciated having some basic instructions come with it rather than have to learn everything by trial and error. I'm sure I still do not understand many of the capabilities this tablet has to offer.	Flatscreen TV
I brought 3 for my boys and they love it. My three year old watch mickey mouse, my 9 year ol surf the web for homework and my 15 year old use it for you tube and music even live chat with his friends.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet does everything the Ipad Mini can do except that it is cheaper than the Ipad.	LG Washing Machine
For the price, it's hard to beat. Don't go into this thinking it is like any other Android tab. In many ways it is, and the ability to sideload apps helps. But this is primarily a vehicle to get you into the Amazon ecosystem. Not necessarily bad, but those expecting full access to Google will be disappointed.What it is good for:Web surfingNewsreaderAudio playerNetflix, Hulu, etcWhat's not so great:No GPS, location enabled but not true GPSScreen Resolution, angles and clarity are good but given the price, it can be forgiven	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for a child. He works it very easily. Would recommend	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet for just paying a bill or surfing Internet	iPhone
I can read my books and sync with my larger tablet. Read emails and search internet. Love it!!!	27in FHD Monitor
The kindle HD has met nearly all my expectations. Stereo speakers would be nice. Great screen resolution.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for my son and its the best thing I bought.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Used Kindle tablets before needed update. As sson as I started to use it liked it even more	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Would buy again. First tablet. Having the time of my life with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife loves the tablet.it is light weight !!!!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire is a good deal for the amount of money it cost. Simple to use and has a nice screen display.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this tablet about a month ago, have enjoyed it every since! I would truthfully say it is one of the best.	Wired Headphones
For the price, it's a decent tablet. They way they get the price down is to psuh ads to your device. You can pay $15 to get the ads removed. Overall it's a good tablet.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Enjoy Kindle but have to tap screen several times before it goes to next screen when I'm in e-mail	Lightning Charging Cable
Very useable device for the low cost. The screen is very bright and easy to read.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for my nephew its light and pretty inexpensive.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The pictures are clear and it's it doesn't weight that much.	Wired Headphones
Won't load or be compatible with some games sold by Amazon.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet was a gift for my 10 yr old who loves my larger table. He loves it and it gets the job done for him.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it. Especially for the price................	Wired Headphones
Very good for the price. Connection good and easy to setup	Flatscreen TV
This is my grandson first tablet. He is thoroughly enjoying it.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet is great for reading. It does not allow you to download many of the games my child enjoys which are usually available on other tablets.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great item for the price. Reliable and works great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got what I paid for. At this price point, there is no arguing that this is value for money. Great for accessing amazon content though my toddler finds it great streaming videos as well.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is great at what it does:Netflix, Amazon, and general Internet searches. It obviously does other things and for the price it's fantastic.	Google Phone
It's a great tablet for the price. .I love the idea of shopping from my tablet.	20in Monitor
I really like this Kindle. It has more features than the Kindle Fire 6. And the processor is a little bit faster as well. It is great for reading for the price and it is very economical as well.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a fantastic pad for anyone my absolute favorite sturdy access so easy and I will always give it 5 stars!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my girlfriendAnd she loves it. The only thing she doesn't like is that some games on the app market that is on her phone doesn't appear on her tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire tablet does everything I need it to do. Bought this as a gift for my 10 year old and he couldn't be happier. He can download all his games and apps, I like the parental controls on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was originally just looking for a cheap but reliable tablet, on a post-birthday afternoon, when I learned Amazon was selling a low budget version of the current Kindle generation.While my opinion is slightly biased due to some personal modifications, I can say this is an excellent purchase if you're looking for a portable browser and book reader. A fairly decent and accurate battery. Sound is low in volume but reliable. Expandable memory works for applications, so dozens of apps can be added quickly. While I can personally say it's extremely durable compared to iOS devices. A small fall against smooth stone does not cost anything but extremely fine scratches only visible in sunlight.However, by default, you're extremely restricted by the Amazon marketplace, which is nowhere near as updated and expansive as Google play. If this could access both stores, I'd give it a 5 out of 5.	27in FHD Monitor
If you are a Amazon Prime member you will love this tablet. Even without Prime membership its still a nice tablet.	Google Phone
Bought this for my brother who is a Dino when it comes to technology, it's easy to use and a great size ,he loved it!	Wired Headphones
Great picture quality and very easy to operate. Got it for the granddaughter.	Flatscreen TV
I like this Tablet for it's size, it's easy to hold on to when reading. I can put this in my bag when travelling and it doesn't weigh much...I also love the fact that I can expand the memory, whereas the other one I have 8.9 inch doesn't have that capability...The Camera works great...The only problem I have is trying to turn it off it doesn't always want to turn off...other than that I love this Tablet...	iPhone
My 7 year old loves the tablet. It is very durable.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet the kindle fire7 for my woman and she absolutely loves it, works flawless for all her needs,very well made, does not come across as a cheap tablet a absolute must buy for 49.99! Best $50 tablet on the market hands down better than some I spent much more money on and in fact should I need one myself currently have a insignia flex8 16gb I will buy one for me. Great tablet for kids as well for $50 and the reliability great buy!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
What made this even better was the Black Friday prices on the Kindle Fires. At $35.00, if they get broken, it's not as big of a deal. I remember buying one of these when they came out and it was a whole lot more than it is now. That's technology for you, I guess. Great buy. Great product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A tablet for under $50. What a good deal. Thanks Amazon.	20in Monitor
I recommend it mostly for reading, but it's ok as a tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it on thanksgiving night just opened pkg and the screen is crushed. Haven't been able to take it back but was told when I called in that they might not have any in stock.	Apple Airpods Headphones
handy size and works well for what it is. would be a 5 if google play store. (but it is available)	USB-C Charging Cable
Cheap tablet for price, for a kid or an older person that might not know how to use it.	USB-C Charging Cable
"First off the tablet is $50 so don't go in expecting it to be on par with the latest iPad. For the price you pay though, you get a really good tablet. Screen is a little lower than 720p, but you have access to all of the Kindle books, Amazon Prime, the new Fire OS, which looks alot better than the ""all black"" on the last few Kindle Fire's. This model is only 8gb but storage is expandable, I have a 64gb Micro SD in my tablet. Recommended."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this mainly for my grandkids to play. The time limits you can set is great because they don't argue about who's on the most.	Wired Headphones
great and easy to use budget tablet for 35 when I purchased it. Get one	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This 7"" 2015 version should have been marketed to children only. It's like a very ""dumbed"" down, cheap version of the better FireHD and HDX. Screen is not as good, battery life is bad, no mirroring to TV and it's slooowww as can be. If you've never owned another kind of Kindle you will probably be accepting of this watered down version. For those that know what a real kindle should be like, you may want to pass on this one. Another version should be along soon and since they can't get much worse than this one you'll probably get a better one. I got mine on Black Friday for a little over $30. total with shopping discounts and I'm still sending it back! That's how disappointed I am with it."	ThinkPad Laptop
Overall, this tablet is great for kids and adults. It's not overpriced and you can do a lot with it. Including, browsing the web, downloading paid or free apps, downloading books free or paid, listening to music, shopping right through amazon, storing files, and plenty more. I wouldn't trade this tablet for any other.	Product
Worth getting, great for the priceAnd very handy for movies and music	Lightning Charging Cable
Was not a fan of this product Browsers are extremely slow	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have an IPad but thought I would buy this Black Friday to play around with and program to give to my Mother to enjoy.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a very good starter tablet for anyone wanting to mess with one without breaking the bank. Everything runs and looks great from videos to games to books. Only thing that I feel could push people away is the app store(uses Amazon's). Otherwise this is great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The tablet was on a great deal for black friday. I purchased it just for reading books and lightly going online. I am not expecting amazing power from something so cheap, I dig it for what it can do and not for what I think it should do.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am happy that i purchased this tablet because it has become very useful when i do my studying and for social media. it is a cute size so it fits in my purse easily . The only reason i do not give it 5 stars is because it doesnt have the ability to add some apps such as chegg, snapchat and among others.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love this kindle and price is awesome .My Three year boy love to play it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a must buy for anyone. It's sturdy and its a amazon for only fifty dollars. But the camera is not good for photography but its worth fifty dollars overall.	iPhone
I got this on black Friday for $35. For the price I wasn't expecting much. Let me tell you it exceeded my expectations. I was only wanting this to play music, but I have been checking my email, browsing the web, using Bluetooth for music. Its amazing. It can go the whole day on one charge. You will defiantly want a SD card for it! It rarely lags and is pretty fast too. Only thing I don't like is the ads on lock screen (you can pay 15 more to remove them)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet this Thanksgiving for $35.Tablet is too slow and apps doesn't responds properly, tried doing the updates over wifi to see if that resolves the issue but that didn't work too.Commons apps like Gmail, Facebook, Messenger or browser related are dying very frequently and sometimes doesn't even boots up, also, coming from Android you will feel that you have landed up in a deserted apps land.A good tablet for kids but adults can't rely on it !	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this item for my daughter and she loves it. Easy to use, beautiful picture, and a great price.	Wired Headphones
I bought it for a gift and I love the price. Also my nice is enjoying it	Flatscreen TV
I got this for my brother as an early Christmas gift. He has never owned a tablet before and not super tech savvy. He really enjoyed it and never put it down over the holiday weekend. It was easy for him to use and adapt to.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I like this device because it keeps my niece and nephew happy while on the road. For the price, it can't be beat. It's not as intuitive as it could be.	27in FHD Monitor
I must say I have always been making jokes about Amazon and their devices, but after getting the Amazon Fire 7, I must admit I have been wrong. This little device is amazing for such a low price. You honestly get a lot for your money, and I can definitely recommend it to people who want a good tablet without spending $100+ on one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This works fine. It's a tablet! It does things well!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great little tablet for the money and does nearly everything you would want to do with a tablet. I plan to use it for travel and leave my expensive iPad Air 2 home. I was impressed with the resolution when viewing photos and it works well for reading email and Internet surfing. It is also great to have adequate storage by adding a micro card to the unit. Probably the major drawback is the camera, which does not take a very good picture when compared to cell phones and other tablets. Again, for the money, it's a great value for a small tablet.	20in Monitor
works great for me. good for first time user. good for money as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I own the Kindle Fire HD 6 and love it...this is a Christmas gift for a friend. Hopefully she will love it. Great price	Macbook Pro Laptop
My son just loves his Fire tablet. Easy for him to setup to his liking. Can't beat the price either. At the time of the review it was $34.99. If you have kids, this makes a great gift for them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome it was great it was a lot of good apps I reccomend it	ThinkPad Laptop
I updated my kindle touch to this. I loved the price. I got it a few months ago for $50, which is still an affordable price for a kindle. I love the Bluetooth and text to speech features coupled with the fact that it has an expandable drive. Those features along with the price were what I needed. Oh did I mention the resolution for watching movies is good. The camera is not the best, but I didn't get this for the camera. Matter of fact I got one on Black Friday as a Christmas gift for a friend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I didn't expect a lot at this price, but I also did not expect both of my tablets to be riddled with dead/stuck pixels right out of the box. I have a third arriving in the mail and am just praying that I am at least good for 1/3. Waiting on its arrival before doing the trip for return/replacement just in case that one needs to go as well. Maybe just bad luck, but definitely worth noting for anyone who may also be inconvenienced by having to do a return.Everything else seems good though when you can look past the display issues, but may be worth waiting until these defective lots have been disbursed and the issues have been corrected.I am sure if you don't have these display issues that the product deserves more than 2 stars, but if you can see things from my perspective it is kind of difficult to recommend this to anyone for the time being. If the display did not have these pixel issues I could see this easily being a 4 Star recommendation. If you do a little research you will see that there are definitely some lot numbers that are more problematic than others, so this is not just a rare incident. If it is for you and you plan to grab one from a brick and mortar location, do yourself a favor and just boot it up before you drive home. :)	Google Phone
I bought this intending to use it as a music and video player, so I can save battery for my phone. We got two, one for me one for my child. Mine works perfectly for what I bought it. All my music is on it with no problem. I did have to download an app to play my WMA files, but that was simple enough. My child's tablet is primarily used for app games, and I am told it is working just fine.	USB-C Charging Cable
Ok tablet...decent size screen & graphics. Was hoping I could mirror my phone to it but it doesn't have miracast.	ThinkPad Laptop
We bought this for our 3 year old because she enjoys playing games on my IPad. This is a much cheaper alternative should she drop it. Android apps so she can get most of the same games and apps. Timer apps available so I haven't checked to see if you can limit time on the device itself. Bonus is the size, it is perfect for her.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was skeptical about the Fire OS, apart from being a Windows Phone user and then used Android a little on Nexus Tab, I found FIre OS a little annoying and not easy to use. But then just after 2-3 tries you get used to of and works fine. The tab is fast with Quad core processor and good RAM. I was thinking to install Android, I bought two of these so the one which I want to gift someone I'll install Android it, Although I myself will try FIre OS for a while and then decide.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We bought this Kindle Fire for our autistic grandson. He seemed to fight with it trying to connect to the internet. After 3 adults tried and tried to connect it to the internet, it finally connected. Every time he comes to our house, we have to fight again to get it connected. We decided this was not the unit for him or any other kid. So, its back to the mini I-Pad.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is an average performance tablet and amazon centric. This tablet could have been better if amazon would have made it with android os instead of poorly designed fire OS. The app store and apps in that are not great. This tablet can be good for people who wants to read while travel or play some games while travel will be good. I paid only 35$ so cant complain for the price i paid. I already have ipad mini 2 and comparing with that makes this tablet little slow.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like to refer this product for low budget tablet future owner. It has all the features needed in tablet at lower price. Good display, long battery life, good wifi connection, better speed	USB-C Charging Cable
This will be the perfect Christmas gift for my grandson who loves to use his little sisters tablet. Easy to use and very reasonable price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My son loves it. Very easy to use. Great price and value.	27in FHD Monitor
Could not download my books at home. Three visits to Best Buy, returned it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet is perfect for someone who needs it does what it needs to do .I bought it specifically to add music to it and sync it to my trucks radio ... Works flawlessly	USB-C Charging Cable
i like this because i have one to and i love it.and i will never ever get rid of it i been wanting one and now i have one and my mom has one and her man has one and we all like them and they are easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
this is my first tablet/iphone. It was confusing to learn how to navigate. after a few days of fustrution and watch/reading help sections I figured it out. there are alot of feature and apps I have yet to explore. I use it mainly to read and watch movies at work. I like it very much.	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazon Fire is an excellent choice and cost effective, havent had any troubles, it works perfect!	Lightning Charging Cable
This device is pretty no-frills, but for a 7 year old boy, it works great and is awesome. It's sturdy, plays apps well, and I don't have to freak out every time he drops it. I'm sure it will break eventually (my son will find a way), but for $50, I'll take my chanes.	Flatscreen TV
got this on black friday and couldn't be any happier! for 35 bucks and its a kindle my kids will be super excited.	Lightning Charging Cable
$35 tablet, its a no brainer. great gift for the kids	USB-C Charging Cable
This a very good little tablet for my young boys to use	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect for kids to play, read online through wi-fi. Touch response is a bit slow.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really enjoy this Kindle Fire. The ability for expanding the storage is a life saver.	Wired Headphones
Tablet is ok. It does display ads on the lock screen, that you can't opt out of, to my knowledge. But for the price, I can't really complain. I bought it at the $35 BF price. I wouldn't let me download Instagram for some reason either.	Lightning Charging Cable
This product definitely gets the job done plus more! Plus I couldn't beat the low price offered by Best Buy!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for the price. Much better than the cheaper brands.	Google Phone
This was perfect for my 4 year old. She gets all the apps she wants and it works great. Even dropped it a couple times and it ls still in one piece!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not happy that the product had no instruction book to go with it to help set it up. Not a big fan of the online tutorial. Had a really hard time in powering it off. Camera setting did not take very good pictures. DID NOT LIKE THE MULTIPLE ADS ON IT EVERY TIME I USED IT. FINALLY IT LOCKED UP ON ME AND I HAD A HARD TIME GETTING IT TO GO TO SETTINGS SO I COULD DO ANYTHING WITH IT. Probably will be returning this product to Best Buy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great Speed. Nice Graphics. Really love this Fire.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This product is a beginner product for Kids and nothing to be of use for Elders	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my girlfriend for a replacement for her old kindle. Easy to set up. She likes that it is slim. she loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love that it is so small .it fits in my purse. I wish I could have gotten a different color	USB-C Charging Cable
If you have Amazon Prime, this is an excellent way to view content in a small, quality device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Well primarily I was going. To for a Samsung galaxy but for the price I went with this kindle for my daughter to use I do like the parental control features I just wish Amazon was a full android device instead of limitations to app markets I can't even get Google play. Unless you jail break it. Well for what it does it works fine just not the top of the list.	Lightning Charging Cable
A tablet with front/rear facing camera, bluetooth, external storage option, for just $50 is a great deal in my opinion. I use this tablet to play baby rhymes for my 18 month old son, in the car.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love reading on my Kindle. So many book selections.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have wanted an inexpensive tablet for awhile and my wife surprised me with this Kindle for my birthday. It's perfect for my needs.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Amazon adds are annoying. Lack of compatibility with Google and other apps is annoying. Price is great. Nice to have but it really isn't better than other tablets out there.	Flatscreen TV
It's such s great tablet and the price well you can't beat it. I love Amazon products and have not been disappointed yet!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought these for our kids and they really love them	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet was a gift for a child and they absolutely love it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great budget tablet, a lot of features, easy interface and wonderful picture	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"Does not pick up WiFi very well; apps take longer to download...However regular software apps work great!"	USB-C Charging Cable
It's like having a tablet with your own library right at your disposal	ThinkPad Laptop
Easy to use. Bought this for our grandson, he loves it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I loved how helpful the employee was that helped me!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I've been utilizing the Fire 7 for several tasks includeing email, Web searches, & control of my swimming pool equipment controls. Would recommend the Tablet to others.	27in FHD Monitor
Wonderful Tablet, Great buy, Easy to carry, I look forward to using this tablet	Wired Headphones
Had a great experience with the product it has been fast and works great. I have enjoyed this product.I would recommend this product to any one. The price was even great price for our budget.Thank you for making it easy.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great as long as your expectations are in line with cost. A little slow but totally usable.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is so fast!!!! It has everything I want on it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Screen is good, internet moves fast, easy to use and set up	Macbook Pro Laptop
Like most Androd devices, has slowed down considerably over time since purchase. Nice for video watching but browsing the Internet is slow at times. Apps take awhile to load good for the price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon fire is a great tablet. U cannot beat the price. Works as good as other way more expensive tablets	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet handles the basics including email, Facebook, web browsing and utube. No comparison to theiPad though.,	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We love the kindle. I intended to purchase a single unit for my husband, who had lost his, and ended up with one for each of us.	Lightning Charging Cable
Probably one of my best purchase's for the price!!	Wired Headphones
Great product. Amazon got it again. Can browse everything I need with ease.	Wired Headphones
Screen quality and size is good. Lightweight and good battery life.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great android tablet. On top of it on black friday it is 34.99$ i bought a couple for my son.They abuse it and it is well worth having a backup and it is so cheap you can afford to break a couple.You can side load google appstore, just google it.	Wired Headphones
Bought these as gifts so I cannot review the quality but the size is palm perfect and the price is just right.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Cant believe a solid tablet for 34 buck. works great with amazon prime	Lightning Charging Cable
Had to buy two for each kid of mine. They absolutely love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"First, bought it 15 days before it went on sale everywhere. Next, store doesn't tell you about all the ads offers that come with it and you must pay $15 to disable them. Performance is slow; keypad is slow, am typing faster than it can register resulting in lots of typos. Watching movies is decent, but sound could be better. It drops WiFi more than I'm used to. Have several apps that cannot be installed on it and a few that consistently crash. Good battery kifre, but Quite slow to recharge. Sometimes the ""keys"" stick and can't get out of something even with home key, must restart. Thought this would be cheap temporary solution but this is better served by my 5 year old grandson.I got $50 worth of tablet.Compared to the look and feel of my old iPad, its like I'm still using a VCR and everyone else is on blue ray."	Wired Headphones
My 6year old twin boys loves technology and the Fire 7 Tablet is perfect for them. Just the right size to sit and play or pack and go. The icons are super easy to understand for beginners as such. I've downloaded fun games, apps, and books for them to utilize already. The price was awesome as well especially since I purchased two at the same time.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this for a Christmas present for my son, but couldn't help myself. It's awesome. Looks like momma is rewrapping for him, or buying another :D	Bose SoundSport Headphones
So easy to use grandson loves it nice starter tablet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's not HD but it does the job: Facebook, recipes in the kitchen, streaming Spotify and pandora, Bluetooth is nice.	iPhone
I've purchased several kindles over the years & this is the only one that has given me issues. Purchased this one & exchanged it. I Eventually exchanged the exchange for the same reason. The first two kindles didn't want to turn on & would freeze. So far this one hasn't had any issues what so ever & does everything my mother needs it for (downloading thousands of books & watching videos non-stop)Docked a star due to complications with the first two. If I have to visit a store within the first month of a purchase twice, that is an issue.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
MThere are so many cool features and it's really easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this tablet! It does everything! Accesses the web, downloads apps, games, music, movies,. You name it. I also purchased a cover and stylus pens for this tablet. For under $80 you wont find a better deal!	iPhone
I bought this tablet for my 7 year old. Great beginner tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased the new Kindle Tablet not really knowing what to expect..I didn't read any reviews before hand, nor did I try the one in store. After getting home, charging, and applying updates I noticed there are numerous bright/stuck pixels at least 8. It's only noticeable on dark screens. I understand the devices limitations verses price but you would expect to at least have a functional screen with maybe 1 pixel issue at most.As I mentioned above when you plug it in and turn it on it immediately starts an update, that process took a good thirty minutes to complete. Upon first boot I went to register with my Amazon account but it returned some funky error message, I tried again and it said the device was already registered, so I was unable to complete the setup/walk through. I'm a very technical user so this wasn't too big of an issue, but I could see where it could be for someone that isn't savvy with computers/tablets.All that said in use, it runs decently, and def better then you would expect a Tablet at this price point to run. It's not a power house per-se but for what it's built for, consumption device, it does everything from play movies, music and casual games with out a hitch. The UI is realitivley snappy as well.Pros:- Price- IPS Screen viewable at most angles- Works well with the Amazon eco systemCons:- Mono sound (1 speaker poorly placed on back of unit)- Stuck Pixels out of the box- Low Resolution- Device registration issuesIn closing I would recommend to friends as long as they understand it's limitations.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was looking for a good, cheap tablet for general use, and this fit the bill. The one thing that hits you outright is the build-in marketing Amazon uses in the tablet that you cannot remove. For instance, the home screen is filled with links for Amazon Video, Amazon Books, Amazon Gifts, etc, etc. You an't remove them, but I found out you can create a folder and drag each into that folder to essentially remove them.After that, install a free app for a File Manager then go in and rename the folder(s) that you create to make it easier to find apps that you hide. You will also need to install Adobe Reader to read PDF files, since it isn't installed.Another marketing scheme is that the screen saver is an ad each and every time you wake it. After a while though you get to ignore it.Performance is great - fast and easy to navigate. The built-in browser has everything you should need. Battery life looks really good. I had the screen brightness at about 1/2 power and it looked good. The screen black level is really good and the contrast makes the colors sparkle. If you turn the brightness up too high, the colors begin to wash out a little.Amazon seems to offer this tablet at a lower price in exchange for their promotions of Amazon products. Once you get around that, you see the value you get in this tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice Amazon Fire tablet But...the camera is not clear enough 2.0 megapixels and Amazon Fire is very slow wedsite and app it takes very forever download I think I have to returned on best buy and buy a good tablet 10.1 Lenovo and Samsung Galaxy...I will gave a Zero Rating Star	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It works great. Not affected by the singular WiFi band at all.Battery life is amazing.Just be sure you can get the apps you'd like from the appstore, google play isn't accessible. So if you're looking for Snapchat, Instagram, NBC, Comcast, Vudu, you won't get those here.Returning it. Which is too bad, I really enjoyed it. More bang for the buck if you could access those apps. But like I said, it was my fault for not checking first. I was expecting the 'apps from unknown sources' to kick in but it so didn't.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Does the job.Does the job.......................great	Bose SoundSport Headphones
just bought it and not really happy i really expected more from amazon	USB-C Charging Cable
Apps run okay but the real problem is streaming and internet browsing. I'm telling you, generic tablets are faster... I thought it was my internet at first but all my other devices work phenomenally fast. I first noticed this after I started using it but I thought I would give it a shot. I've decided to return this and exchange for another $50 tablet tomorrow. This is because I couldn't even watch a simple youtube video today.Here's what I did like. It's name brand. The games are nice and mostly ad free. It uses Android 5.0 but uses their own app store. Reading books is great. Library app is kinda slow but still works.Perfect cheap tablet for kids age 6 to 13 maybe...	Macbook Pro Laptop
You cant go wrong with this tablet. I use this for media consumption but mainly for my 8month old baby to bring around and play nursery rhymes. Had a 4gb micro sd laying around, filled it with videos and downloaded a video player app. No more worrying about losing an ipad or my phone tied up with playing his videos. Get the 16$ 2 yr warranty from amazon too. Theyll replace tablet 3 times within 2 yrs no questions ask.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought for my 3 year old so she could be like her older sisters and this little device doesn't disappoint. I wish there were more silicone cases available for it and I absolutely can't stand the ads Amazon puts on these Fire tablets.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my son (10 years old) and he loves it perfect price and size for him... With Amazon's underground app store he has almost unlimited amounts of free games he can download and also movies with the external storage is perfect.	Wired Headphones
The kindle fire works really well for my sone he is learning a lot	USB-C Charging Cable
"Let's be perfectly clear, this is not an IPAD. But for $50.00 this 7"" Fire is a steal. I'm very happy with this purchase."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
For the price I paid not having HD on the kindle was no matter. Has lots of storage and the kids are using it at school for their class assignments. Screen is big enough to read off of and everything is loading fairly fast. Kindle looks to be durable.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"I do most of my things on my laptop but I wanted something to use while watching TV and so on. I saw this tablet and had to look twice because I thought maybe it was just a reader! I have used this installing apps, playing games, reading, texting on a free text app, Facebooking and so on. The apps are a little sluggish to install but once they are on they are speedy and work well. The clearness of the screen is so much better than any low line tablet at this price range. The tablet feels of good quality. It is not flimsy and cheap feeling. We bought two and are extremely happy. The trick is not to expect it to run like and upper line tablet. Love it for what it is ;)"	iPhone
I purchased this amazon fire. Because, Reviews are good. But, I realized they left reviews before they receive it.I found couple of issues not to buy this tablet.1. It is impossible to use google account.Even You can log in gmail account.2. Bad for web surfing. There are so many limits for web surfing.3.This issue is only for Koreans. It is impossible to type & see Korean language.Do not buy this tablet if you are Korean.I do not know why this tablet does not support Korean. Even supports other Asian countries languages as like Chinese, Japanese. Etc....	27in FHD Monitor
the tablet is certainly a good value but the wifi signal drops frequently and even when it shows its connected can fail to download any data. Perhaps this is a glitch that will be fixed in a later SW update but for now I have to say the performance is underwhelming. the Backlight also has some serious bleed issues which is a sign of an inferior design and or workmanship. The fire 7 HD which i also own has none of these issues. Get what you pay for rings true again.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price. My kids (5 years old) love it, they can download games and browse the web without a problem.	USB-C Charging Cable
a solid well made tablet that feels good in the hand. images are crisp & clean. works well with my hulu acct, hbogo acct, prime video acct too. the first few secs the video is blurry, then it clears up and plays fine. if you add a sd card the tablet automatically places apps & video on the sd card (if app allows) the great value for me is you can download amazon prime video (must be a current member) onto the sd card for offline viewing. i bet a lot of parents will love that for those long car trips. sound is good. BT worked well with my BT enabled stereo ( i streamed prime music & pandora). don't be put off by the screen resolution - it looks great. the new bellini OS is a MAJOR improvement over the old carousel format of days past. the new amazon app underground also adds to the value for prime members. the lock screen ads are not intrusive, once you swipe to unlock tablet they go away and do not reappear until you lock the screen again. if you're a prime member - this is the best 50 bucks you will spend!	iPhone
The Fire 7 has a great price! You get your money's worth. However, you may have to do an exchange if you get a damaged one. The one I bought had a busted pixel in the screen. There was no damage to the case or glass screen, but the image had a bright white puncture hole in the screen's image. I've owned multiple, but I have never had this problem before with an ePad tablet when I just bought it. I will now have to visit Best Buy again tomorrow for an exchange. I'm hoping they're still in stock. It's not Best Buy's fault. The fault lies with Amazon. They're clearly not that durable.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a name brand tablet for less than the case of other tablets! This is a no brainer and will make great Christmas gifts!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I've was married to the same man for 30 something yrs and they was the best time in my life we have kids that's all grown and they have kids now. I love them deeply but they all are upset with me because they haven't had a Christmas ,I always get my Grand kids something but it hasn't happen in 3 yrs. I can't seem to be able to afford it any more I thought the kids would love the tablet I know they will because they all stay on computer like me it's educational for them and my self. I'm disable and have nothing to do so	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Simple and deluxe, functions well and holds up- even with kids and their paws. Its layout and usability a bit confusing at first. Watch out for amazon add ons to charge your account though.	Lightning Charging Cable
it is excellent. easy to use. kids use it easily. durable, been dropped a few times and still works	Lightning Charging Cable
Works smooth and easy will recommend to friends and family	USB-C Charging Cable
Works well for my purposes. Wanted a calendar and contact list so all of the other things are a bonus.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I don't care for the lack of storage or the strange arrangement and naviagation through the software. Nonetheless it's nice for its price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought these fore my grandkids, and they love them	Google Phone
The kids were loving these as Christmas gifts but here we are 6 months later and the battery charging port barely even works. We have to hold the charging cable at a certain angle for it to even charge. I wasn't expecting a super long life out of these tablets at $39.99 a pop but should've lasted longer than 5-6 months. Very upset with 4 sad kiddos.	USB-C Charging Cable
If you're looking for an android alternative to a Windows-based desktop this makes a great option	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the price. Got it for my daughter. She loves it.	27in FHD Monitor
My 11 year old loves it and does a lot more than just games on it	Wired Headphones
According to my girlfriend, it is slow, but functional for simple things like web and watching TV. I bought it for game development testing and have been satisfied. Seems like an very good piece of hardware for only $50. Suspect amazon keeps the price low because they intend to make their money on selling you content through their locked-down store. It is an android tablet, but most of the google software you're used to is not there, which is the biggest downfall.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Cool little tablet. Does what you would expect a tablet would do. Screen quality isn't the greatest, but you get what you pay for.	iPhone
Have 2 younger kids always trying to grab my cell or tablets for stuff. Grabbed up 2 of these and was pleasantly surprised. Hold charge well, durable, and perfect for kids and learning apps	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my niece and she loves it. Great value for the money	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my Aunt and she loves it so much, she uses it everyday and says its very easy to use.	Google Phone
outclasses other tablets at this price point, only downside is the need to use the Amazon App Store instead of the normal Google Play Store. Great tablet for the kids though.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Everytime I give one of these as a gift, it is worth so much more than the $40 I paid for it. Durable and lasts a really long time. Great for kids.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for price. Upgraded my son to this after we ran out of space on the Kid Fire.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased an ASUS 2 in 1. I love it. It was so much easier to switch all my documents and load programs from my other PC. The only problem I had was the facial recognition. It kept saying it did not recognize me and got locked up. Customer Service was very nice and got me going again.	20in Monitor
Very basic tablet which I purchased mostly as an e-reader. It's battery life is quite short. As a reader it is poor in the sunlight. I'd recommend if the price point is important, but you get what you pay for.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
got it to play games or get info when waiting at dr app	Lightning Charging Cable
It does most everything the higher priced tablets do. The advertising is annoying. It's possible to combine all of the icons for stuff you never use or want into one icon file.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is everything it promised. I use it to download books.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it as birthday gift for my son. He didn't like it at first because he is ise to the Android system. He likes it more now that he's figured it out and for the price it's ok.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is great for kids and adult. A great product for gaming reading and more..	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids already broke two of my tablets. So, I want one specifically for my kids. This Amazon Fire 7 fits my needs. I'm happy with my purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
A nice size with many perks, like a crisp screen & fun vibrant colored outer shell. However the pop up ads are annoying.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this to replace the iPad for a child. I am so disappointed by the charge. It dies so quickly and the charger has to be wrapped around the tablet in order for it to charge. This was after 2 weeks of having the tablet. Low price but not worth the hassle and disappointment!	Wired Headphones
Good product with great value. Recommend this to all.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really like the easy setup and the parental cobtrols.. its easy to download games and my daughter loves it	Wired Headphones
I like this tablet a lot. The size is good. The screen is good. It functions well. This is my second fire tablet. I really like that it automatically installs (syncs) apps from my first tablet at start up. Very convenient. The price was very good. Ordered on line with same day pick up at the local best buy. SWEET!	20in Monitor
Great tablet, only thing I would add would be a camera. My daughter loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
Amazon	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Amazon	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
Amazon	20in Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
Amazon	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Amazon	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Amazon	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
Amazon	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
Amazon	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazon	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
Amazon	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Amazon	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
Amazon	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
Amazon	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazon	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
firetablet7displaywifi8gbincludesspecialoffersmagenta/5025800,841667103105,0841667103105,amazon/b018y229ou,firetablet7displaywifi8gbincludesspecialoffersmagenta/b018y229ou	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great gift for my nieceShe is using it every day	Lightning Charging Cable
This is one of the best purchases I've ever made. I used to buy books all the and then they were just laying around after I read them, now I can buy them (for a cheaper price, at that) and they're all in one place, not taking up ANY space.	Macbook Pro Laptop
But you do get what you pay for. Charging cable doesn't work anymore and charging port is messed up. Other than that, good device.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome within budget tablet.Great display & battery.	iPhone
Real easy to use. Great price. Got 2 of them. One for me and one for my friends son. He uses it to download free books to read, and games to play.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this as a gift for my 5 year old nephew. It is easy for him to use. Downloaded educational games for him to play. Great buy!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
Amazon	27in FHD Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
Amazon	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Amazon	27in FHD Monitor
The best value for the money hands down. Works perfectly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased it for my daughter and she loves it and the games	USB-C Charging Cable
I have bought several Kindle Fire's over the years. I think they are great for streaming movies & videos. You can downloaded movies on the device and use it while off wi-fi.	20in Monitor
Decent.......................................................................	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I actually bought this for a friend. I already have one. She loves to read and I thought this would be perfect for her to download books on. She absolutely loves it for that plus all the other features she can do on her tablet. Such a great buy!	Wired Headphones
Small amd neat. Everything you need on this little device.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's nice and simple. Easy to carry around. If you have children its not bad when traveling	Flatscreen TV
The Fire tablet is such a great value. If money is no consideration, there are better tablets out there, but for the money, this is a great choice, especially if you're a Prime member.	Wired Headphones
we bought this amazon tablet because my 3 year received one as a gift for her aunt. My 2 year was using an iPad but kept dropping it. This is great because it's small enough for him to hold and if you buy the case it's completely protected. The only issue we seem to have is that the power cord is really loose when you plug it in to charge so sometimes it does not get charged. That is the only reason I'm giving it 4 stars.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I brought this tablet as a Christmas gift for my 9yr old son. It is the only present that he is still to this day playing with he loves his tablet.	20in Monitor
This tablet is perfect for my lil brother. He love it	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought these for my kids and they love it. Love amazon.	Vareebadd Phone
Though it's entry level tablet it's not cheap technology. Amazon ecosystem is very competitive with Google and they're ahead with more rapid product line. Fire tablet is the proof of that. You can also get advantage of Alexa.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased 3 of these as Christmas gifts for my grandchildren to play games on. Excellent tablet for the price!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this for my kids and it works great with time limits.	Wired Headphones
I love my fire tablet so much I have 6 of them. Well worth the $50!	Lightning Charging Cable
"This has proven to be one of my most clever purchases ever. It suits my needs perfectly and it""s super easy to add new books that I want."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
You can't get a better tablet for the price. Bought it for my kid, and for the price don't have to worry about damage. Can watch videos, play some games. Overall good purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it for my daighter and its a great tablet for a starter. Easy to ise and has great graphics .	Google Phone
The tablet is good. It is a little slow but I'm not sure if it's my wifi or the tablet. I like that you can add a memory card :)	Wired Headphones
Great gift for Mother's day for aging parent. Not too difficult to navigate.	Lightning Charging Cable
Couldn't ask for much more, performs smoothly, expandable memory, durable, inexpensive, and purchased thru best buy so all in all 4.5 out of 5.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had got this tablet for my niece for her bday and it's the best.	27in FHD Monitor
This device is great for streaming videos reading books,and web searching, which is what I enjoy!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a nice tablet for the price. Functional for your basic needs.	USB-C Charging Cable
best price for a starter tablet. very efficient for any age.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a good tablet it was bought for my son who is 7 years old.	Google Phone
I enjoy using this product but doesn't get as many apps and games as the android!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this for my Neice she loves it. I had previously purchased one for my Mother.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good tablet at a good price. Great for your basic tasks.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My kid love this tablet. Very good quality with affordable price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It's everything you can ask for in a tablet. The only downfall was the camera, but at a price like that, you get what you pay for.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet...I purchased 3 of them One did have to be returned because it had a short in the charge plug but a simple exchange and the new one was good...I still gave this 5 stars because for 30 bucks it is still working 6 months later after some abuse by us being careless...doesnt scratch easy..would be perfect for kids too	iPhone
Bought this tablet for my daughter and she loves it!	Wired Headphones
can't beat the price on this great starter tablet. purchase this as a gift. many happy hours of use by recipient.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent for reading and has lots of other uses with wifi	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this for Christmas exchange. Very cheap because I used reward points. No complaints yet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Due to intl travel restrictions, I didn't want to risk my laptop. This inexpensive tablet fit the bill. I was able to upload ppts and other work on this device and was able to link up with an LCD projector for my overseas work. The built-in ads were a miniscule distraction given the quality of the device and the cost.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought two of these tablets one for each of my daughters for Christmas they're able to connect to social take pictures listen to music perfect reasonably priced tablet. wish I would have bought it for them sooner recommended it my sister and she bought for her kid also	Google Phone
Picked this up for my 7 year old and he picked it up faster than i did.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I only bought this tablet to pair specifically with a Bose Wireless Speaker. I was able to download the music I wanted and it pairs beautifully. Really sleek & simple.	USB-C Charging Cable
Small and useful has an expandable memory. Very user friendly !	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good for the price. Expandable memory. Laggy at times.	Lightning Charging Cable
Not a bad deal on a small but good tabletEasy to use	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We have bought many kindle before and they always work put great for us and the kids can use them easily. I love that I can set the kids profile so they can't make purchases I just wish you could set them to stay in the child's profile until an adult takes it out.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet has pretty good resolution for reading and runs smooth on basic games	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easiest way for me to buy books for him to read. I'm an Amazon prime member and this is an easy download.... plus he loves reading on the fire!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Used to older format takes getting used to but good overall	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my son and he.loves it. He reads and plays games on it all the time.	iPhone
Bought this for my daughter and she didn't care for it when it came to the apps. Works great for reading.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect for teens as well as adults who loves to read and watch movies	Google Phone
My son loves his new tablet, never puts it down. I'm going to get a 2nd one for my daughter	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great item , can use like a regular computer, facebook ,email , Netflix an so on. Only problem websites that use flashplayer,won't play videos.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought 2 of these for my kids when we go on trips to play educational games and movies. For the price they are nice to have! I have had no complaints with any of the Kindle Products that I have purchased.	27in FHD Monitor
There's some fields I've notice that could use a power boost. I've been using it for about a month now and it gets slow at some points but for $40 I shouldn't complain	ThinkPad Laptop
This is perfect for my 4 year old. It needs an Sd card because the memory is low but it keeps him happy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet is easy to use. Gives options for password as well as a protective case. 4 stars!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to teach my Mom how to work. Camera not good.	USB-C Charging Cable
The camera not quality pictures but all else great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am satisfied with this purchase. It was cheap and good for my son.	Google Phone
This KindleFire was exactly what I needed, for light weight, portable entertainment for my granddaughter on a trip. I could access all of the audio books, games and reading material from the audible app and kindle app on my iPad, onto this small device that slipped easily into my purse. it was easy to use on the airplane as well as in line at Disneyworld, without taking up much space or being heavy.	USB-C Charging Cable
"My 2 year old grand daughter loves it. Amazon has a lot of age appropriate apps to download. I know longer have to have my precious girl snatch at my phone saying ""My toy Papa!"""	27in FHD Monitor
I bought the fire Kindle to get good reads from amazon. The tablet is great for other apps such as facebook, Internet search, games, and various apps from amazon like yahoo mail, online banking app,ect. Ideal for readers and those who would like a simple tablet. Would recommend getting case which I purchased when I bought the fire Kindle. Nice graphics and user friendly for the price.	20in Monitor
I love this tablet it works great. A great fit for me	Google Phone
Makes reading books so easy, never loose your place when you stop.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
bought this as a gift for my mom send she loves it	Wired Headphones
Works great for my 4 year old son. As for me I'm not that big of a fan because of the apps not that same as android or apply	Lightning Charging Cable
Given as gifts. Those who received are very pleased with size and function of tablet, especially the tablets with color cases. Have bought several and satisfied.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Very good product, just needs power on volume !!!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Wonderful e-reader. I love my Amazon Fire. I travel a lot and I do not leave home without it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"If this is your first tablet I would recommend it. If you've ever had an iPad and would stick with the iPad and pay the extra money, even for an older one. ""You get what you pay for""."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Duarable and very handy. Good start for beginners and can add the protective case for kids	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for a child & she loves it, have trouble getting her away from it sometimes lol. Haven't had any issues with it in almost 2 months of having it & even with a toddler who loves to grab things that aren't hers & throw them it's held up pretty good	27in FHD Monitor
My son loves it and it has good battery life he plays it alot	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
best decision I made this month. best tablet for the best price	Lightning Charging Cable
I have two fire tablet in different colors. I love to read because the books are so clear. Many books are available to read for free. I like to purchase both free and paid books. As much as I read it may be cheaper to just go kindle limited so I can read any book.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very fast and no problems loading apps onto the screen. Great price	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love reading on these tablets. Its so easy to use too. I would like to say that this does not use andriod software but Fire OS	USB-C Charging Cable
Got it for my grandmother and she loves to play games on it	Apple Airpods Headphones
THE BEST EQUIPMENT EVER I WILL RECOMMENDED TO A FRIEND	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very nice tablet with many new features. Would highly recommend this tablet. My wife is very pleased with it.	Wired Headphones
Tablet is great, it is used for several hours a day and there is no problem with power. Just a the right size for it's purpose.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good reader and great for streaming apps. Kid friendly too	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its great .................................................	Lightning Charging Cable
It was not expensive great for the price I'm happy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am greatly satisfied with this tablet. And the price is great too.	20in Monitor
This kindle does almost anything you need in a small hand held. Love it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased two of these tablets and very satisfied with the quality.	Vareebadd Phone
This is a great tablet for kids. Not expensive and does all that is needed on a high level. The only draw back is the Amazon App store.	Flatscreen TV
I had a Kindle a couple of years ago and didn't like it, but with the great price and wanting to get another tablet, I bought this one and am very glad. I had some trouble setting it up due to password issues but now it's easy and offers lots to do and for sure more for me to learn. I highly recommend this product, maybe for someone starting out. It does as much as an IPad in an easy to carry package, great photos, email, everything, and the price cannot be beat.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My wife is a nurse and uses this tablet at work and she loves it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very good tablet for only $30. My wife uses for apps such as Pinterest and Facebook and she loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works exactly what I wanted it for. Camera isn't great, but I had no intention of using it anyway	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves this tablet. She doesn't let this thing down. It's really good.	Google Phone
I'm a huge fan of these tablets. If you aren't trying to spend a lot of money, or if you aren't an avid daily user, this will easily do all the basic necessities	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great product! Great for kids great for games !!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I like the tablet but, I don't like all the ads...	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's a good starter tablet. I haven't been overly impressed but it does what it needs to do.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great as a reader, OK for apps. Battery lasts ages while reading, but dies quickly if I am gaming.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have purchased 4 Kindle Fire 7 tablets for my grandsons, and they love playing games on them whether they are educational games or just-for-fun games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i bought these for my little girls, i think they don't need anymore, i bought extra sd card and they are so happy	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Capable to run games just as spected and very handly	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Me and my husband got this and the case for our niece and she loves it!	Wired Headphones
Trying to reach the minimum required characters to get my points!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Cheap, good always dependable tablet, now just useless words to take up minimum.	Vareebadd Phone
very slow device for most adults. probably fine for a child	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i love my tablet. would shop at best buy again no matter what i need	Wired Headphones
The Kindle Fire is a wonderful addition to my laptop. There are times I just don't feel like using the big laptop. And the Kindle is nice to have next to my bed for when I am awake at all hours. Love the ease of use and all the things it can do.....and I don't know the half of it! Great item.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle fire. It is a big upgrade from the kindle keyboard that i used to have.	Wired Headphones
It's really good for reading and for having a small tablet. To browse with.	20in Monitor
Great product great price great service. Can't asked for anything better.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my Amazon Fire tablet. It's easy to use and just the right size to travel with !	USB-C Charging Cable
Great purchase my grandson Alek loves his tablet we took it on vacation kept him quiet on the plane great gift for little ones Best Buy I made in awhile & the price was great	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good value for the price. Little bit heavy to carry.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I wouldn't buy again, had trouble w/shutting off all the time, we would have it reset back to the factory reset status and it would lock up and freeze, actually replaced with second thinking that was just a bad one however sad to report same problems. Not a favorite purchase.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I got this tablet for an 8 year old who only plays video games after her homework or on the weekends and it works prefectly fine for that purpose. I never tried to push it to its likits and see how good it could be for an adult. But she hasnt given menone complaint.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I've been spoiled by Apple. I bought the tablet for my son so he could have his own. He still uses his sister's iPod and iPad and they are years old.I would only recommend this to families that don't own apple products.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet cannot be beat for the price we paid. Just wish I would have purchased one that was bigger.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a good tablet for my 6 yr old to play games and watch videos. Only thing is the charger doesnt stay in the port and battery doesnt last long	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased the kindle Fire for my Uncle. He has really enjoyed this product. Easy to operate, variety of games and books. Also, this model has a camera!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great gift for mom. She loves to read and now can continue to do so in more places	27in FHD Monitor
Ok for a younger teen. Mediocre product. Still worth the sale price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got this for our daughter for xmas. It's small enough for a child and easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this as a gift to my inlaws. This is very handy and easy to use. They love it so much	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Price is awesome for what you get. For surfing the net and shopping it works perfect. Not the fastest but does the trick!	27in FHD Monitor
Got the tablet for my daughter for her birthday tablet worked great but the charger cable did not work.	Wired Headphones
Love my watch bumper, but the tablet is so slow wouldn't recommend	Product
This is an awesome tablet, great price, lots of memory, fast processor	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this to install Kodi, Netflix and Hulu on. Definitely works as a multi source video device. It's slow but you can't beat what it can do for the money.	ThinkPad Laptop
Perfect size for travel. Holds a lot of books, easy to download to.	Wired Headphones
This tablet works very well and the price is excellent. I bought for my nephew and he is so happy.	USB-C Charging Cable
Come on, $39.99 for a tablet! Value, value, value.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great small tablet that has everything you need! Small but convenient. I love that I could add more memory to it with an SD card so now I have everything in there & I can get plenty of apps. Use it a lot for reading online and even for watching movies when I'm away. Love it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It does everything that much more expensive products do, but it is much, much slower when changing apps. Once using the app, the very slow speed is no longer an issue.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it for my mother-in-law and now she won't put it down. She Skypes with my daughter all the time and they have great times talking together, awesome product!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Use it a lot for listening to audio books. Too many ads.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I brought this tablet in December of 2016 for my mother. She uses it regularly now for streaming videos and reading emails. The camera quality is horrible. I would suggest buying another tablet if you want decent pictures. Also, consider that many of the Amazon tablets come with ads as screensavers. To avoid those ads, you can typically pay a one time fee or buy the exact same version for a higher price. Looking back now, I definitely would have given this to my baby brother and brought my mother the newer fire tablet with a bigger screen.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very good deal!! Quality top with very good price!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A great choice for children ages 3 to 13. Or even a great tablet for adults. It has many apps and games to choose from. The case it came with is very practical for beginners.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this as a gift for my granddaughter...(who is 4.5 years old) for Christmas so that she can watch learning videos and etc on. This is a nice little tablet. I only wish we had things like this in the dark ages when I was a child!	Wired Headphones
I bought this for a needy child for Christmas. I love mine so I'm sure they enjoyed it.	Lightning Charging Cable
We wanted an additional easily portable tablet for our family. The omnipresent advertising is annoying but also easy to just ignore. For 50 bucks, this is a great way to have an additional e-reader/browser/streaming and gaming device.	27in FHD Monitor
easy to use for a handicapped person. i love it,,,,	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great little tablet, especially for the price! Does everything I need it to do! Only complaint is, you have to reconnect it to WiFi again whenever you turn it off and back on - and sometimes it won't connect to certain ones - possibly due to security settings? Other than that, I love it!	Wired Headphones
Really like this tablet. It's easy to navigate and use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I give these tablets away for prizes in our redemption store. Always sell out and a great value.	20in Monitor
I bought this for my 5 year old son. This is a great beginner tablet for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this tablet I take it everywhere with me. It's small enough to take with you on trips.	Lightning Charging Cable
I've bought 4 of these items on different occasions as gift's. Everyone I bought it for LOVED it. Thinking of getting one for myself	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet! My nephews really enjoy using it.	Wired Headphones
This tablet is only about average, but it is fine for my grandchildren, they have lots of fun playing the games	Google Phone
This it's a great tablet for kids it does a good kid and keep them busy	Wired Headphones
Easy to use for all kids. My daughter so happy to play her favorite games	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tablet. I use it to read only. Bought an additional 32g memory and its great	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet was easy to setup and use, bought for kids and they absolutely love it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My son seems more than happy with his B'day gift!! He loves it!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This item is a deal at $49. Does everything you need for simple Internet browsing, email, social media and also takes great pictures!	Wired Headphones
Excellent tablet, Easy to use and very fast. It's just beautiful.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My Fire is easy to use, lightweight, and small enough to carry in my purse.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The fore lived up to its reviews. Great tablet for my elementary age grandchildren.	Apple Airpods Headphones
very easy to use. was bought to use with Kindle. happy with my purchase!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
my daughter cant put this thing down, so it's doing what it's supposed to do.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My children just loves this tablet. It's easy to use and a perfect size for them.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My granddaughter used her phone constantly to play games and when she needed to make a call phone is dead. Now with tablet, she FaceTime me more and her phone now keep a chatge.	iPhone
agood buy for starters, recomend to other buyers to	Wired Headphones
The tablet is awesome. Easy to use. At a good price.	27in FHD Monitor
I was satisfied with tablet and size and clarity!!	Vareebadd Phone
Got it for my daughter to read books. She loves it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my grandson in 4th grade. He loves it.	LG Washing Machine
I have bought 3 of these tablets for my great grand children. excellent for learning and u don't use data.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my four year old niece and she loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its exactly what I am wanted and the price was fair	Wired Headphones
Awesome tablet it's fast and easy to use. Affordable can't find any better at this price	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a gift for my friend. My friend likes it, I wouldn't buy something like this for this much money. The screen is small.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Was a gift to replace older one and she really likes this one. Light and the battery last much longer.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the Kindle Oasis for my wife as a 37th-anniversary gift. She enjoys reading and I thought that being able to adjust the text size would be very nice. She tried it for a few days and didn't care for it. She writes notes in the margins and wasn't happy with the way the Kindle did its notes. For just reading I think it would be a very nice product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am a Flight Attendant and I love this small sleek book!!!! It is a must have. The only thing I would change is, I would add audio	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The thick edge makes it easier to read than the voyage and PW. very fast and responsive. I wish the devise was longer then it would feel more like a real book rather than a CD case	Macbook Pro Laptop
It fits easily into smallest purse so it's always at hand when waiting in lines while traveling. Lightweight, especially without the case. Shape of back provides easy grip. Accelerometer allows it to be held in either hand. Would like to be able to charge the reader and the case separate, but that's a minor thing.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
my wife surprised me with this, and I wasn't sure I needed it... after all, I have a smart phone, laptop, surface and a mini-tablet ... seems redundant, no?Long story short, none of those other devices are optimal in bright sunshine. This one is. it has more capabilities than I am sure I am using. need to learn to read magazines on it. but it works well, and especially outside.	USB-C Charging Cable
Previous owner of an older kindle. Love the touch pad and back light on the voyage.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great e reader. Preffered the brighter display of the voyage over the paperwhite. Happy with 3G connection for all time access.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product. Love using it for reading and search.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchase it for my wife, is very good, small and fast.	Lightning Charging Cable
The voyager is light weight and easy to hold. Love the ability to have 3G and Wi Fi. Easily was able to transfer books from my old kindle keyboard. Holds a charge for up to 2 weeks and charges quickly. Great when traveling	Wired Headphones
Easy to use, good battery life, great back lighting.	Lightning Charging Cable
I had the book e reader when it first came out and then I opted for a mini iPad but the lighting and reflection on the iPad made it difficult to read both at night time and day time when sunny. I did not realize how lightweight the kindle voyage is until I got it in the mail. Super easy to use and easy to transport! And best of all... Reading on the kindle voyage does not strain my eyes. Highly recommend this to my avid readers out there!	Lightning Charging Cable
It is easy to use and have a huge selection of books, I recomend it	27in FHD Monitor
Kindle Voyage is absolutely the best! Easy to read in sunlight!Ordered from Best Buy and it shipped immediately!	Flatscreen TV
Purchased it for my daughter. She love this very much. It is really good.	USB-C Charging Cable
I've had a Kindle since they first came out and was happy to get one with a backlit screen. I like the WiFi and the 3G because I like the freedom of downloading books and newspapers while in the car, at the beach, by the pool when another guest recommends a new book. I still haven,t figured out some of the buttons, and because it is smaller I am always turning the page. I have adjusted the font and how far apart the lines are, but it still seems like I'm doing more page turning.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had been using a Kindle Fire HD for a couple of years, but over time found I was mainly using it for reading. I had been considering switching to a pure ereader for a while, but was not convinced until I saw some specs on the Voyage. I ordered it right away and have been very happy with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Like that I can use it in so many ways. As a computer or a tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle and cover were a gift for my wife. Her previous one went to the big tech heaven in the sky. She loves both products and couldn't be happier with the products.	USB-C Charging Cable
Replaced paper white with voyage...amazing screen!	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy on the eyes. Smaller and even better than earlier versions	27in FHD Monitor
As above a high class e reader. Love it. Use it at least 2-3 hrs daily.	Wired Headphones
I really like the smaller size reader, and being left handed the ease of use of the haptic page turn buttons are very easy to use. I don't even use the touch screen page advance any more, with the haptic advance this can be done from the right or left side of the reader, an advantagefor us lefties. This is my fourth kindle, I keep upgrading due to all the changes and advances, I use my kindle every night and enjoy it very much and would highly recommend if you want to upgrade to the voyage, visit your local best buy and hold it in your hands and feel and see the difference.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
No complaints works great and the battery is awesome as always	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Had the original Kindle and filled it. Upgraded to the Kindle Voyage and absolutely love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this as a gift for friend of mine they have been very happy with this can't believe how light it is and how well you can read the text. If you're up for him and don't want to be caring around an iPad or have battery life on the product while you're on location this is a must take with you product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
best e reader to date. yes it's a bit pricey, but it reads like a real book.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very happy and satisfiedEasier to handle. Fast charging	USB-C Charging Cable
i needed something to read in the sunlight other than fire hd	Lightning Charging Cable
Enjoy my summer reading and a regular tablet just will not do. Initially disappointed by the small size, but I quickly learned to appreciate it. Very portable and convenient. I wanted something easy on the eyes with a 3G connection so I did not have to be connected to WIFI to download books. Was a bit more then I wanted to pay but feel I will get good use out of it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had a hard time finding a case for it at best buy	Wired Headphones
I got this product for my boyfriend, and he absolutely loves it. He uses it all the time for reading. When I held it myself, I couldn't believe how small and lightweight it was. Very cool	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Pricey? Yes... For serious readers and users of library e-books, completly worth it. While nothing beats a real book experience, traveling 4 days plus per week nothing beats the portability and ability to add from the library or Amazon on the fly... Never have to seek out light to read by (a noticeable improvement in the backlight), exceptional direct sun readability, not affected by polarized sunglasses... Great battery life... Great build quality... I expect it to last a long time... Only upgraded as I lost my last kindle on the train.	ThinkPad Laptop
I gave my Paperwhite to a friend and bought the Voyage. I like the clearness of the screen and how easy it is to turn pages. I don't know that it's really worth all of the extra cost compared to the Paperwhite, especially since the new one just came out with 300 dpi.	iPhone
the back light nad easier to read in all lightings	AA Batteries (4-pack)
If you read - novels, biographies, anything - you need this! Free download of thousands of books from your local library... or email pdf's to a special email address and read them here. imagine being able to take 100's of books to the beach for a few ounces, and read them in full sunlight. The high resolution screen is great, as is the feature that lets me automatically sync the last page I was reading on my kindle with the Kindle reader on my android cell phone. I really like the convenience of the free 3G cellular coverage...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a fantastic product for reading books. It is wonderful to use in full sunshine. I have a kindle fire so I thought this would be unnecessary now I am wishing I had purchased it sooner. The much longer battery life and use in full sunlight make it so much better to use for reading than the kindle fire.	27in FHD Monitor
Very easy on the eyes. Easy to carry, fits in my purse	Apple Airpods Headphones
This kindle is so sharp and turns pages quickly. I can finish books quickly and store so many on here. Perfect!	Wired Headphones
I've had Amazon Kindles since v1. Each new release surpasses the one before it, as you would expect, but does so in ways that always improve the user experience. I love the feel of this one - great size, great weight, and I love the backlit screen.	USB-C Charging Cable
"The touch control, page change controls, are a little to sensitive. Web browser ""too"" experimental."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Like the smaller size. Can read in sunlight or no light. Carry in my purse to read when have time.	Wired Headphones
I wanted this when I first heard about it. My husband surprised me for my birthday. It was the best gift. Love Love it	Apple Airpods Headphones
the Kindle Voyage is the very best ereader that I've ever used. The light is great and does bother my eyes in the the dark at all (iPads, Fire and Nook tablets bother me in dim light and extended reading) while providing light read by. The controls are simple and easy to learn. However it is slightly pricey. For me the quality and relief are well worth the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the Voyage kindle as an anniversary present for my wife and she LOVES it. The new dim light feature and matted glass screen are pretty amazing and work like a charm. She's able to read in all manner of lighting and places. This is a great eReader.	Wired Headphones
Note, the information on the Best Buy site is wrong, this is not a 4G device but rather a 3G device. It really makes no difference but just for clarity, lets get it right. Very light and small e-reader with a very good display and the squeeze functionality for page turning is a nice addition. Not a revolutionary device but evolutionary.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great reader, it feels like the best evolution of the Paperwhite. The auto-brightness works fine and is unnoticeable and it feels good in the hands. The new page squeeze feature is nice as is the haptic feedback when you squeeze the bezel.The power button is also much better placed now and the glass screen makes swiping and tapping the bookmark and location corner areas much easier. The backlight is now much more uniform than my 1st gen Paperwhite.The only issue I have is when displaying black blocks like the tree silhouette, I have what looks like a tiny bad pixel that kind of twinkles. And of course, this thing is expensive when compared to the Paperwhite.	20in Monitor
The Kindle Voyage is definitely the way to go. I bought this Kindle to replace my 1st generation Kindle because I wanted a more compact model and the 3G capability this one offers. I am definitely a fan!	USB-C Charging Cable
I just loved it .. it was really nice .. I would definitely recommend to buy the product	27in FHD Monitor
Fast, solid, all the necessary features for an ebook. I like the side pressure page advance and the small size fits my small hands.	Wired Headphones
Replaced original paper white with this new model and the recipient just loves it!!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Love the new Voyage bc it is lighter and smaller. Easier to tuck in my purse. The other plus is the auto light feature.	Vareebadd Phone
Excellent e-reader, with great download ability. I really do not need the 3G as most of my downloads are through my PC.	Wired Headphones
I love this e-reader. My other reader was not backlit so needed something I could use in low light. This works perfectly for reading at night and in the sun. The light is adjustable. Love downloading books from the library. It has a 3G connection which I have not used yet, so far used only in wi-fi areas.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I purchase this for my wife; it work well but I think that this version es too expensive, the difference is a light"	20in Monitor
This is a great little tablet for what you're paying for it! Gets everything done that I need it to	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to use and great value. Excellent viewing with good color	Wired Headphones
Love my Kindle! So when mother table died I brought her this and now I don't get calls all the time to help her figure out where everything is	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought it for my wifes Yoga Training Course.So much cheaper than buying all the paperback books she needed, and she loves it!Cheaper books, music, emails.. What more do you need?	Vareebadd Phone
Bigger screen, longer battery life and faster loading...an improvement over the last model and a great choice if this is your first tablet. As a college student, it beats spending more on books and having to lug the extra weight on my back	Apple Airpods Headphones
Long battery life, good screen, reasonably fast. Alexa.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is my second kindle fire. The 6th gen is an even better experience. Glad I preordered.	iPhone
Has been on my granddaughters kindle for many month and still working great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This case is sturdy and will stand upright so that you can watch a video or read a book hands free. It fits easily in my purse, not bulky at all. The only bad thing is that the case only comes in a dark ugly color. ****** should offer at least one other color, preferably a light color.	USB-C Charging Cable
Having received my Fire TV today, I've been trying it out for the past couple of hours.Setup was a no brainer. It required an update immediately so it did take about 15 minutes to have it in action but the process was very simple.The image quality (movies and games) is excellent. I've tried several movies from Amazon Prime and they look and sound nearly Blu Ray quality as far as I can tell.Navigation is very straightforward and it's generally easy to find anything you're looking for. Installation of games and apps goes very smoothly and generally pretty quickly.The remote works very well. I haven't played with the voice search feature much yet, but when I have tried it, it worked well. The buttons on the remote are well thought out and I prefer it to the Apple TV remote.I only have one gripe. As far as I can tell, there's no way to limit the list of movies and tv shows to what is available for Amazon Prime members. This makes it very inconvenient to find things that are free to watch. There are some categories that are limited to Prime (Most Popular on Prime, For Kids on Prime) I want to be able to just see what's available for Prime or at least be able to see by category what's available for Prime. I'm sure this isn't an oversight. I suspect Amazon wants to force us to look at everything and be tempted to buy/rent things but if they really want to compete with Netflix, they'll understand that we pay for our Prime membership to be able to watch free movies conveniently. A workaround is to do your searching on the web and then search specifically on the device.Perhaps I just haven't found the way to search for Prime available content. I hope that's the case or I will really be disappointed.Read more	iPhone
I'm your typical middle-aged woman - I don't game, and I'm not super tech-savvy by any means....so take this review for what it is. The Fire TV was easy to install and I'm loving all the features, free movies, music and simple interface - this thing even has a screen saver that comes on when you're listening to music! We've always just had our Comcast cable service without DVR and occasionally used Comcast OnDemand to watch/rent movies - but I'll never watch from Comcast again. The voice recognition software is amazing and brought me to exactly what I was looking for every single time I searched. It's just so easy to find what you're looking for (unlike Comcast), and since I'm an Amazon Prime member most of what I want to view is free - oh and for the new release movies the cost to rent from Amazon is on average cheaper than Comcast OnDemand by a 1 or more. So happy with this purchase!	Lightning Charging Cable
An Amazon.com official commented on this review(What's this) The Amazon team saysJuly 30, 2014Hi Dallas, thank you for sharing your feedback. We wanted to let you know that we made it easier to find your favorite Prime content with the click of your remote. You can now browse many more Prime-only categories, including Top Prime TV, Top Prime Movies, Prime TV for Kids, Prime Movies for Kids, Prime TV by Genre, and Prime Movies by Genre.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am not a casual user of on-demand content and devices. Having tried smart tv's from 3 brands, smart dvd/bluray players, Apple TV, WDTV, HTPC, Chromecast and too many other competing products to mention--for streaming content, before this box you really had two options (for a simple to use box that doesn't require additional items or tweaking):First is Apple TV which is easy to use (interface) but Apple limits the content you can get greatly (including no Prime Streaming built in) and it lacks a lot in features as well and is slow. The reason for selecting Apple TV is if you have other apple products that unlock features (like Amazon's content).The second option you could consider was Roku--which really means a Roku 3 box since it is heads and tails better than past Roku boxes in terms of remote and speed. Now Roku stands out with the most content and the most features of any box with the Roku 3. It is for that reason you will see me address the Roku 3 so often in this review.I have added quick summaries of other options to make sure everyone knows about the other options out there.WDTV: Are great for streaming your own content but not very user friendly.Chromecast: Is very cheap at 35 but requires other items to use (no remote included!), is limited to 16 channels according to their own site with other content broadcast via Chrome's browser not at the same quality level. This does allow you to browse the internet on your tv and is amazing for the cost but is more of a niche market than FireTV/Roku/Apple TV. But if you can live with the short comings, it is worth a look at 1/3 the price of these devices.Smart TVs: Most of these are FINE for occasional use but not nearly as pleasant to use daily like separate boxes.Read more	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Having received my Fire TV today, I've been trying it out for the past couple of hours.br /br /Setup was a no brainer. It required an update immediately so it did take about 15 minutes to have it in action but the process was very simple.br /br /The image quality (movies and games) is excellent. I've tried several movies from Amazon Prime and they look and sound nearly Blu Ray quality as far as I can tell.br /br /Navigation is very straightforward and it's generally easy to find anything you're looking for. Installation of games and apps goes very smoothly and generally pretty quickly.br /br /The remote works very well. I haven't played with the voice search feature much yet, but when I have tried it, it worked well. The buttons on the remote are well thought out and I prefer it to the Apple TV remote.br /br /I only have one gripe. As far as I can tell, there's no way to limit the list of movies and tv shows to what is available for Amazon Prime members. This makes it very inconvenient to find things that are free to watch. There are some categories that are limited to Prime (Most Popular on Prime, For Kids on Prime) I want to be able to just see what's available for Prime or at least be able to see by category what's available for Prime. I'm sure this isn't an oversight. I suspect Amazon wants to force us to look at everything and be tempted to buy/rent things but if they really want to compete with Netflix, they'll understand that we pay for our Prime membership to be able to watch free movies conveniently. A workaround is to do your searching on the web and then search specifically on the device.br /br /Perhaps I just haven't found the way to search for Prime available content.Read more	Wired Headphones
I am not a casual user of on-demand content and devices. Having tried smart tv's from 3 brands, smart dvd/bluray players, Apple TV, WDTV, HTPC, Chromecast and too many other competing products to mention--for streaming content, before this box you really had two options (for a simple to use box that doesn't require additional items or tweaking):br /br /First is Apple TV which is easy to use (interface) but Apple limits the content you can get greatly (including no Prime Streaming built in) and it lacks a lot in features as well and is slow. The reason for selecting Apple TV is if you have other apple products that unlock features (like Amazon's content).br /br /The second option you could consider was Roku--which really means a Roku 3 box since it is heads and tails better than past Roku boxes in terms of remote and speed. Now Roku stands out with the most content and the most features of any box with the Roku 3. It is for that reason you will see me address the Roku 3 so often in this review.br /br /I have added quick summaries of other options to make sure everyone knows about the other options out there.br /br /WDTV: Are great for streaming your own content but not very user friendly.br /br /Chromecast: Is very cheap at 35 but requires other items to use (no remote included!), is limited to 16 channels according to their own site with other content broadcast via Chrome's browser not at the same quality level. This does allow you to browse the internet on your tv and is amazing for the cost but is more of a niche market than FireTV/Roku/Apple TV. But if you can live with the short comings, it is worth a look at 1/3 the price of these devices.Read more	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids have enjoyed using this device. They have downloaded games and shows.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is the perfect size and so easy to use. Read, play games or any other purpose--it is great!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for vacation electronics. Music, magazines, audibles and books in one reasonably priced piece. Didn't worry about my expensive mobile phone and iPad being at the beach or in the car or elements.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy access to book reader. Love watching my Netflix.Con - Slow getting on Internet.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Upgraded; easy to use; thinner; very happy with it."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this tablet on a deal and has good quality of video you can watch.	ThinkPad Laptop
I love my Kindle. It's light and I haven't experienced nnby problems with it thus far. I just wish I could upload my music from Google Play on here	Google Phone
It has a great camera and I really enjoy my games and Facebook on this larger screen than my phone. I love not using my data up on my phone.	USB-C Charging Cable
This Kindle Fire is lighter than my old one. The speed is great & all apps load very quickly. I also like that it comes in different colors.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Grandkids and adult parents love it. The parents texted and the grandkids play games.	20in Monitor
Easy to use at home or lunch at the office. The only problem I have is that you have to restart often. Great while using public transportation.	USB-C Charging Cable
Too slow for games and videos i bought it for my youngest son so they wouldnt fight for the ipad but they still do	USB-C Charging Cable
Great value, just the right size and weight. Suits my needs perfectly. Performs very well. Easy to get accessories to fit.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I have a Kindle and my grandson uses it when he comes to visit. We decided to get him one.	Flatscreen TV
This was a birthday gift for a family member who loves to read books. Couple this with Amazon gift cards and the library is endless!	Google Phone
Fun product that can be used for many purposes. Great for streaming or reading on the go with great graphics. Makes an awesome gift!	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle Fire is nice to use as a tablet to play games and surf the web as well as download and read books on. It has good speed, keeps a good charge and is affordable.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a very good reader for the money. Very versatile.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my grandmother to use. She loves it. It is easy to navigate for her. The only thing that annoys her is when the apps need to be updated. She does not have internet at home so she has to wait to update her apps when she visits family (who has internet service).	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The Amazon Fire 7 Tablet 16GB is very a good value... highly recommend.	Flatscreen TV
For this price everybody should have one of this tablet, it works really good	27in FHD Monitor
Just installed, but like it so far. The picture is clear and the price is affordable.	iPhone
Since I purchased mine the wife thought she would also like one so we picked up her one and she is using it a lot.	Wired Headphones
My sister in-law recommended these to my wife and I and I thought I would try one. They are just the right size to lay in bed of a evening and read a good book for a while.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Good customer service during my quest to get a good deal and quality gadget.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my grandson and he absolutely loves it!!!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
my dauther loves the tablet and I can get the SD to get more storage and load up all the disney movies that I purchased. it is a great purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent little tablet for reading books when you're on the go.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use. Like all of the features. Lightweight.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as a gift and it has performed perfectly. Can't beat at this price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I would recommend this excellent Amazon - Fire 7 Tablet product	Google Phone
My son has the Hd fire used for last 3 years, I bought this one for my moms birthday. She loves it. It's easy to navigate and the ability to increase the size of the print allows for the smaller screen cheaper price :)	AA Batteries (4-pack)
is very good product and the difiitioin is very good thanks	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was worried that it would have lag, but it didn't. I got this to replace my Kindle paperwhite (Which I still LOVE), because I wanted to be able to listen to the audio on the books as well. IT's a great little tablet that does so much of what I wanted it to do. The stand by time and play time are better than I thought they would be as well. I LOVE the blue light filter, although that takes time to get used to it if your not already accustomed to that sort of thing. The only other thing I really don't care for is the fact you can not easily add Google play store.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Enjoy using this product. My granddaughter downloads multiplied games to play and can play them while traveling. Good size and can easily fit into small bag.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great tool for kids, special when you don't need to $$$ to much.	Lightning Charging Cable
just what I was looking for to putin my guest room. It has a good picture	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I thoroughly enjoy reading on this. That is the main reason I bought it and it fits nicely in my purse.	Wired Headphones
Perfect for reading but also has many other functions. Downloaded my favorite games & travel apps. Set up easy. So far, works great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good picture and sound quality. Handy size. Meets my needs and then some.	iPhone
fits easily into my purse or bag. small compact!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
It's an ok tablet because you need to have an Amazon account in order to download free apps	Lightning Charging Cable
It was all that my grandson wanted and didn't have to search everywhere to find it.	Google Phone
So far, so good. I'm quite pleased with the purchase. I had an early version of Kindle (pre-touch screen) and I didn't anticipate that added feature would make that much difference but it is so nice. I still like hard copy books but reading on the Kindle Fire is quite enjoyable.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves the Amazon Fire tablet that I purchased for her!	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this tablet for myself because I bought the 8 gb one for my 6 year old and was so impressed with it that I bought myself the 16 gb one	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the size of the tablet for travel, it responds to touches quickly and has a great picture!	Wired Headphones
The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.	20in Monitor
I can read just about any book that is published and not leave my house to go to the store and have to buy them.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet to replace one I had (different brand) that was worn out. This is a pretty good tablet for the price. I just wanted something to use til I could get something bigger. I've had no problems with it other than some of the games I played on my other one not being available on the Fire.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this kindle excellent price I just carry it everywhere. Fits perfectly in my purse.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We bought this for our toddlers, and so far seems to hold up well with them. Some quirky rules with Amazon and accounts with product, but overall good for what we need.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had some thoughts about getting this for a 5 year old, but if you get the screen protector and a case I feel it will last a long time.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought the fire because I had heard it was a good tablet. So when I bought it, I was wondering if it lived up to the hype. It does. Its fast and easy to use. I put Netflix on it and watch series I missed. Only downside is that I had to register for a trial of prime.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my grandson 7 yrs old - perfect size.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is an upgrade for my wife as her old kindle wouldn't charge anymore. She likes the feel and the games plus reading material. It rolled over most of her games easily tried to get her to buy an iPad but she has all she needs on thus device	ThinkPad Laptop
Making a gift baskey and choose to place this Kindle Fire as the main surprise. Great price!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a very basic laptop. It's a good price. It fills all the basic needs.	Wired Headphones
This Kindle Fire 7 blows away my other tablet for performance, battery life, readability, color, and many other options. I love this size as well!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for kids they love it it is also great that you can download music and movies through Amazon Prime	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the forth kindle we have bought for grandchildren. With a spongy protective case, they take them everywhere.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a grate product and the price very fare just so happy with my Kindle!	Wired Headphones
I bought this tab as a birthday gift for my 12 yr old nephew who lives in India. It's very useful for him to google for important information over the Internet for his school assignments. Also, he can video chat with me using Skype.Rightly priced to be a kid's product. Resolution could've been better if its targeted as a kid's product. I think better resolution can reduce some pressure on eyes while reading documents with fine text.	
A good product that provides the services I desire.	ThinkPad Laptop
Good device. My previous one was inherited and has a cracked screen.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good choice for the price, good performance, and fast.	Macbook Pro Laptop
bought kindle for my wife she uses it for everything especially reading. loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
There are many apps and books available for free with this tablet, so it is very entertaining. It makes shopping online easy too with the Amazon store app.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Really only wanted a kindle for downloading and reading books whilst traveling overseas.Seems to be OK so far, battery life seems good, relatively simple to operate, nice clear screen. My wife bought a Nook at the same time and I have to say downloading books for that seems far easier and less complicated than the Kindle Fire	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent price for a tablet. Hit for my daughter, she loves it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.	LG Dryer
The Kindle will NEVER take the place of an iPad or Samsung Galaxy Tab but they cost very little. Perfect for kids and adults alike. Especially good for those who don't want to spend six weeks learning to use it. It's very simple to set up right out of the box. It works great with the Prime membership. If you want to watch movies or Hulu/Netflix, the iPad is superior for quality of picture. Again, you pay a hefty price for this quality. If you just want something simple and hard to break (think young kids or teens) this is definitely the best option.	Lightning Charging Cable
it was good, works pretty easily. the camera is good.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Replaced a kindle 6 that crashed so fare everything is great. Larger screen fast response,more storage. Don't have to charge as often. Well pleased.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this tablet for my son. Great price and has great features. Camera quality is not good	Macbook Pro Laptop
Perfect for the kiddos, both for entertainment and educational enjoyment!! Definitely best tablet for the price!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
bought it for my son. he likes it. very good alternate to expensive tables out there.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For those that have Prime this is almost a must have. Keeps all your Amazon stuff in one place.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The amazon fire OS is not a perfect OS but it is very functional and useful for your average tablet use. I would recommend checking the Amazon store to ensure the Apps you are thinking of using on a Fire tablet to ensure you dont have any issues. The size on this one is good, the screen is not the brightest HD screen that is available, but at this price point i cannot complain.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased for parents who wanted to use it for photos, music, books and social media. Perfect size. The front and rear camera are easy to use and once we added FB, sharing photos was easy. Amazon apps are native to the device, so we have access to plenty of Kindle books. There are Amazon ads on the Kindle, but nothing that interferes with the overall usefulness of this device.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very user friendly, perfect for my daughter's school research and books. She is very happy	Wired Headphones
Looking for a reader with some basic tablet functions. This was just that.	USB-C Charging Cable
I personally love this because i can bring it every where i go and sing and its fun	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Purchased this for my grandson. It works great. However, if I were to do it over again I would spend the extra $$$ to get the one without the ads. They drive you crazy. The ads make the cheaper unit really frustrating.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this tablet for it's inexpensive price and quality. it's meant to be a portal to be able to purchase more products from Amazon and services but it really is a high-quality product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my amazon fire. This is the best product I've ever bought. I can get any books I want for way cheaper than they are on store.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My daughter loves her new Kindle. It has all of her favorite games. I love the parental controls of the kindle fires vs. standard Android tablets.	ThinkPad Laptop
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed	Wired Headphones
I love everything about it, except the glare. Great product though, easy to use, great movie quality as well. I just wish I could read it on the beach.	27in FHD Monitor
Always a big fan of Kindle. This is my third one to purchase. Why so many you may ask? I never get to use them because every one else in the family grabs them. Great for surfing amd reading books.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great upgrade/replacement. No problems with it at all.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my son's 4th kindle. It is reliable but the charging plug area wears out quickly	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great on the go companion for avid reader. Easy to load books and connect with prime.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My granddaughter loved it. She used it for her school work.	Wired Headphones
Thrilled with the ease of use, so easy to navigate! I wish I had started with a tablet like this, it would have saved me a lot of frustration.	Wired Headphones
easy to operate and has good color. use it when out and about.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
All data from previous Kindle self loaded and was a seamless transition from old to new unit.	Google Phone
Bought for my wife to read ebooks. She has done that and in addition is playing games on it.Very pleased.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablet is great overall. Its fast, smooth and many options to check out with regards to apps and programs. Great also if you have an Amazon account and also Kindle as well.	Wired Headphones
Love this tablet. I am not a computer... tablet geek and so I love how easy to use. I have 2 kindle fires, one for everything on a secure connection at home and one kindle (this one) that I travel with. I am not sure of security when I travel so I use this kindle when I travel for information -- google map, entertainment --youtube, games, ect.	Wired Headphones
Screen larger than phone. Visual better...........	USB-C Charging Cable
Quite an upgrade from the original Fire. The deletion of the carousel was a welcome change. The new turn style approach is faster and more consice. Still don't know why a chime sounds? Also miss the ease of making notes while reading. There has got to be a better way to organize books. Trying to figure out series, trilogies etc. Is impossible, and if you buy a series in a set then the chances are good that Amazon won't pick up a new purchase as a book already read.	Wired Headphones
Purchased for my 9 yr old nephew. Such a great price, he only wants to play games on it. His brother broke his original tablet, so this repaved it. He's happy! I also bought me one!	USB-C Charging Cable
Got it for the kids and they love it. I am also a prime member as well there are so many great things for members, movies, apps, games and shows that are free. If you are looking for a simple tablet to help occupy some free time look into one.	Wired Headphones
I bought this as a first time tablet for my mother. She has really learned to use it freely. The color and size are perfect for her. She uses it mainly to search the internet and check her emails. Great starter. I am going to download some books for her to read as she travels.	iPhone
I bought two of these as a birthday gift for my niece and nephew. They absolutely love them. They use it all the time to play games and music. Great deal, great price LOVE ITL:)	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon has consistently delivered quality tablets at the best prices and this is no exception.	Lightning Charging Cable
was a great purchase. loved the color and the camera feature	USB-C Charging Cable
was supposed to be a gift. there was a glitch in your computer system and it told me I wouldn't receive in time. ordered another one from someone else. then received it anyway. returned to store	Wired Headphones
Like this a lot, just wish they would come with more instructions on all the things that can be done on it.	Wired Headphones
Love it! Really like the camera as my old one was backwards and hard to use.	Vareebadd Phone
I got the Amazon - Fire - 7 - Tablet - 16GB - Blue for my 9 year old granddaughter. It is user friendly and she is able to navigate and use the tablet with ease. It is a great tool for her in school work since there are numerous apps. she is able to use for multiplication and division facts. A great product!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I love my Fire and the fact that I now have a place for my ""library"" that's not taking up space on my phone."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet. Drop it many times and its still working.	USB-C Charging Cable
Wanted a tablet that would fit in my purse. Very easy to use. Would buy again.	27in FHD Monitor
Exactly what we wanted from it, something to use the streaming apps when the tv is being used, and want something larger then your phone. Battery lasts days and was great purchase.	Wired Headphones
links up with up local library. good to read in sunlight. can check web and emails. close to having a tablet but have to figure out what apps work with amazon.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I would highly recommend the Kindle Fire. For a first time user it was really very easy to learn to navigate.	USB-C Charging Cable
I already had a Fire but it didn't have enough storage space. This tablet solved that problem for me. However I'm unable to download Dropbox because it is already installed on my previous tablet and this tablet is a little different. I did however figure out that I could install One Drive and then put my photos into that program. Otherwise it is a good tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm very pleased with my Kindle fire. I've used it more than I thought I would, as I primarily was getting it for reading, but wanted the internet access and ability to review and edit documents, too. In addition to reading more lately than I usually do, I'm also turning my Fire on instead of my desk top computer if I'm only going to use it a short time.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
bought for daughter in law and she likes it. she wanted a fire	AA Batteries (4-pack)
He and his wife are delighted with it and the acess to the huge number of books available.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
my son loves it and is easy to use and has parental controls so he can't buy stuff without permission	Wired Headphones
I bought this because I recently signed up for Amazon Prime and wanted to take advantage of the free books. Nice tablet.	Wired Headphones
Has what is necessary for the average individuals needs.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought one a month ago for my 6 year old Granddaughter as she is always on mine. So I gave this one to her 9 year old brother for his birthday this month! Love the Kindles	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my new Amazon Fire! I was very easy to use..	Apple Airpods Headphones
Works great. Easy to use. Fast. Great for the whole family.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The amazon fire tablet is easy to use and set-up great tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I needed a simple tablet to use in my car on long trips. Bought two of these and boy do they deliver!!! The best tablets for this price. The kindle book reader is an added bonus. The finishing is good. My kids love it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great functionality and quality for the price. I've bought several of these for customer giveaways and have yet to hear a complaint!	USB-C Charging Cable
While it is not perfect and can be slow at times it is a good value for the price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got it because it was smaller and lighter than the original kindle fire. It is not as easy to operate as the original kindle fire.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Next generation of Kindle - with more storage. Allows the kids to download and play the favorite games	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a great entry tablet, if you do not want to dish out a few hundred dollars you should look into a fire table.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased this so my daughter could read her online books. Perfect size!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this low-priced Kindle to test as a travel replacement for my 14-pounds of laptop. I wound up taking it on a month-long trip out of the country, and it was superb for email, online transactions like buying theatre tix, and finding and making various reservations. Also, outstanding performance for videos and music. All this for $70. Suggest you buy a USB-mini cable if you buy one of these superb devices. yokod	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for the price. Amazon is doing a good job	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave it to my granddaughter and she loves it..I want to buy one for myself....	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome.. Everything I need and more. I'm very happy with the tablet.I'm very happy.Thank you,Kathleen Stroyek	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for my husband as a replacement for his old one. He is very hay with it.	Flatscreen TV
I am happy to have udated my fire! I love having the camera work the way it should. WAy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Was good price.Wish it had Google Play download on to it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it. It is so easy to use and great apps to.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this tablet for my son, he loves it. He used to look up everything on his smartphone, and watched Netflix on it too, but this tablet beats it with speed and overall performance. It also takes really good pictures. Every member of my family owns one of the Kindle Fire tablets.	LG Washing Machine
Great tablet for simple tasks. I bought 2 and I have no complaints.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This Amazon Fire is better then I expected. It does exactly what I need it to do. Fits in my bag, very light weight. Love that I can carry so many book on one device.	Apple Airpods Headphones
light and compact and a little slow with the apps and images	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet for the purpose of reading, also inexpensive	ThinkPad Laptop
My kids read books play games take pictures they love this.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
You always go back to the product brand that serves you well! Great price for the top rated quality!	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased as a replacement for a Kindle and it functions well as a Kindle and a tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet is great for kids and adult use. I purchased the tablet to use at school with students with disabilities. The tablet holds up well holds a charge throughout the week. The tablet offers games that do not require Wi-Fi or data. If you have a prime membership there are a lot of benefits when using the fire, for example free apps, free streaming movies & music, etc.	Lightning Charging Cable
GOOD DEVICE AND CHIPPER THAT SAMSUNG OR APPLE DEVICES.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I wanted to get something nice for my wife and this did the trick. I'll get flowers next time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my first tablet. So far, I am pleased with my Fire Tablet. I am not a gamer, I do basic internet searches and check e-mail. Is easier due to size, than using my smart phone. No problems or issues to this point.	Wired Headphones
This is my second Kindle Fire and I wouldn't be without one. Excellent little device for reading books and playing games. Use it daily to watch Netflix.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My wife like to play games and the 16g is much better and faster fo this.	Lightning Charging Cable
I wish it has some more of the apps from the play store some are just not there	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought for my children. Holds plenty of apps. Safe to use with parental controls. Pretty durable but definitely recommend buying a screensaver and case for it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased as a gift for father in law and he loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Everything you want in a tablet. Size is good, price is great.	ThinkPad Laptop
Much lighter than my old kindle. Love it, love the fact that it has the camera too	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my grandson. The first one had issues and Best Buy exchanged it. My grandson loves it!!!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tablet to keep at work during downtime!! Great value!	Wired Headphones
The battery is having more and more trouble holding a charge. I bought the Fire in July and am now having to charge it every day in order to use it. I am not impressed and would not repurchase it.	Lightning Charging Cable
It has been useful for college looking up information I don't understand and for downloading books. It is also great for downloading apps such as Facebook, messageer, yahoo, google, Google maps, and the weather. It has also been great for downloading games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The product was fine. I would definitely recommended to a friend.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My children love these kindles! They are so much better then the 1st ones we had & the price is better as well!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought a Kindle Fire 16GB for my 6 year old son in June. After 4 months the charging port came loose and the device will not charge. Best Buy is aware of the issue and will do nothing about it. Amazon will not warranty their product for more than 90 days and they said the charging ports often break if children are using them! They have no options to fix the device and only offer a small discount if I buy a new one. Amazon does not stand behind this product. They are aware of the defect and continue to sell these.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's amazing. My daughter loves reading on it, watching Netflix, going online to look things up, etc. She loves the touchscreen aspect, and the settings are advanced, but very user friendly. Easy to navigate. Lots of great features for a very low price. The only negative is that the camera is not the best quality. But that's not important to her.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love that I can limit access and the amount of time my daughter uses this tablet. I also love that she has her own profile that she can make her own so she feels like it's just for her and not for the both of us.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The item is a great tablet for basic uses such as email, youtube, and facebook.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my mom while she was in rehab following shoulder surgery. She loved it. I put several books on it for her and she liked the ease of use, she does not get on the computer and so I needed it to be easy.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love the color just the right size easy to set up works well for what I needed it for great price	iPhone
This device really allows you to use it for multiple reasons. It's a tablet and kindle all in one. I love this device.	Lightning Charging Cable
we had an older model from 2012 and it broke so we just replaced with newer one. Love the new features.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wasnt really impressed with the operating system. Was hoping it was more of android style. Not so much.	ThinkPad Laptop
I enjoy taking photos with me and having enough videos to keep the kids entertained. On the fence go with the larger storage.	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought three including one for my 2 year old. We all love it! The only complaint is the volume. There is one speaker and so the sound is obviously lower than most other tablets with two speakers. It doesn't bother us too much but that's why we give it 4/5 stars. Overall a great tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this Kindle because I needed something light and portable to take with me to class throughout the day on an 8-5 schedule. And so far, no complaints! Only that the camera function is pretty useless what with its low quality and lack of autofocus, or focus at all for that matter, but I knew that going in. Battery lasts all day, which is awesome since I keep all my notes on it. Touch screen might not be as sensitive as one would like, but overall? It does the job and does it well.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good inexpensive device. Still in touch with modern technology.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is my second Kindle. The first was a gift several years ago. The display and speed are much better.	Google Phone
I bought this a first tablet. I'm disappointed in the battery life. I sort of expected better especially as I got hooked on online games.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use. Quick setup. Fantastic screen and the colors are vibrant.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 3rd grader when her school suggested to parents to get a tablet, they use them occasionally in school. This inexpensive one fits the bill just fine.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I wish I could just say it is one of my best investment, I love the fact that now I don't have to drag around several of my favorite books I can now have them all in one convenient place the battery life is great my little girl loves that she can play games on it I think it's great I should have gotten more memory though	USB-C Charging Cable
"This is a great tablet for the money. It works for what I need it for; checking emails, downloading books and magazines. Great price and very lightweight. I was able to Facebook Messenger my sister who lives in Alaska, which is something I had not been able to do with my phone or my laptop. So I am happy."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my mom as a gift. She's not tech savvy but it's easy for her to get used to. Definitely a good tablet for beginners.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave as a gift to niece in hospital she loved it. Was able to do everything on the tablet she wanted to. Easy to use I was the one who set it up for her was very simple.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for the price! Love the pink color!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I can use my tablet all time and your conecctions is very good	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm using it to keep track of my tools using the Sails app. it is great for this. The only flaw I see is that the display is insensitive to using a pen. My touch is much better. I was hoping to use the pen since when I access it, I may have dirty fingers after using my tools.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love this tablet! I was not sure if I would like the screen size but it is just fine.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Purchased for my 9 yr old nephew for his birthday. He had been asking for a tablet forever. I made his day! He loves his tablet. All he's does is watch you tube and play games	Vareebadd Phone
My son just love playing games on this tablet. Its easy and fun!	USB-C Charging Cable
No wife loves reading books on it. It's a good size	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this second Kindle for the larger storage space and love all the extra stuff I can do now.	20in Monitor
I am not very tech savvy. But, in no time I was using my new Fire tablet. It is, very basic, but, I mostly use it for e-mail, facebook and browsing the internet. Good buy for the money.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For being such a small, affordable tablet, it has all the features and apps you need plus perfect size for reading books. And the best part part is it fits in almost any purse!	Wired Headphones
The Kindle Fire is a great tablet and reader. Everything you need in a tablet at a much lower price.	Flatscreen TV
Got this when it was on sale mainly to get the books not available @ B&N and to play audiobooks. Main drawback: the constant advertising! You turn it on and get a ad. Let it sit for a moment or two, another ad pops up. Ads for nothing I've ever expressed an interest in. Very irritating.Color is very crisp and clean.Love my older Nook but lately B&N doesn't always have the books that are available on Amazon. Will continue to use the Nook as my primary e-reader with the Fire as my primary audiobook player.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 8 year old loves the tablet. It is easy for her to navigate. She has been downloading apps with ease. Which are age appropriate. She loves the magenta color. Best of all was the price. Very affordable.	20in Monitor
I love my tablet!! I didn't think at first that I would like this size but it is perfect for me. I would recommend this tablet to all my friends.	Flatscreen TV
I bought the 16 gig Fire 7 tablet and added the 64 gig sim card before I went on a trip to Iceland. My plan was to use it to read kindle books I had in my library, but also to use it to read email on the 7 day trip. Since it was a wifi only device, I was dependent on the hotels I stayed in to have wifi. No problem there, they all had free wifi. (This was great since I had tried to use my old kindle to access the internet and it never really worked, and no email was happening.)There were three bonuses: Internet access, games (solitare, sodoko, etc.) and movies on the plane, and when it was too rainy to get out my SLR to take pictures, I could use my camera on the Fire 7 and easily wipe the rain off of the screen. The fire was small enough that it was easy to put in my carry on and I didn't have to take it out for TSA screening. All in all, it was perfect for the trip, oh yes, I had subscribed to the Washington Post before I left and that meant I could keep up with the political news and hurricane Matthew circling back across the atlantic to hit Iceland and bite us. Only bad thing, not fire7's fault, was that because of matthew's rain, we didn't see any northern lights. Good thing I had my own personal entertainment system--Fire 7 tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use for books and audio. Will use on vacation.	ThinkPad Laptop
Our 3rd Amazon fire. The battery life is outstanding. Really nice when reading a book not having to worry about the battery. Nice size.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet is perfect for my needs which are mostly online books.	Vareebadd Phone
Love my kindle it's the best size for the price. Wonderful applications to download for reading, play movies and music. A plus rating	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price for a Kindle Fire. Lightweight, easy to hold and use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Good item for children and is very inexpensive. Easy to hold and has a cover designed for it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this tablet to read books and it also has other good qualities.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet especially for the price it's not an iPad by any means but will run and play a lot of androids apps works off wifi and has a micro ad card reader	iPhone
works well worth the price good quality product have not had a problem	Flatscreen TV
I've had kindles for years and this latest one is also right up at the top	LG Dryer
Really enjoyed this product, books, music, weather, news at my finger tip. A big part of my life. I use at on the train, on my breaks at work, at home.	iPhone
The images are crisp and text very easy to read. Apps are good and easy to navigate. Love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice product I like the color of the screen very clear	Lightning Charging Cable
"I like the tablet; however, there are occasions when it does not boot up when it is turned on. I probably need to take it into the store so that a determination can be made and it can be fixed."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'll update this after Christmas but I read many reviews when purchasing ANYTHING. Surprised to having read about many problems with the Fire 8. That's why I'm going with the reliable 7. Its a good starting tablet for the wife and she mentioned it to me. Went with the higher storage 16gb over 8 even though you can buy micro sd cards up to 128gb now. Picked up a case at BB (1/2 price) and a micro sd (32gb).Just wait till Christmas morn now	27in FHD Monitor
"Serves the purpose for which it was bought, ; I.e. Facebook"	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this tablet to replace the one that had the screen cracked, cheaper than getting the screen replaced	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great product at a great price I would definitely recommend this to anybody especially good for college students or people that read books etc.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It was just what I was looking for. So far I have had no issues with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is so awesome, I can check my email when I'm not at home, if the place I'm visiting has WIFI. It also plays games! A true multi-tasker!	27in FHD Monitor
My granddaughter loved her tablet and the color. It's amazing how easy it is for her to use, perfect birthday gift	LG Dryer
Love it. It does all I need and then some. Great price and great features.	20in Monitor
Bought this as a surprise gift and the recipient loves it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Kindle is good as long as it is plugged into a wall outlet. The battery lasts a mere 15 minutes as a portable unit. Not happy with this. Takes an hour to charge the battery to 100% yet drains in 15 minutes. There`s something mathematically wrong with this equation.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet has been wonderful for my 8 yr old son. The parental controls are perfect for making sure he doesn't purchase the wrong things.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Easy to use. Crystal clear display. Two finger operation took some getting used to. Kept all my settings from previous model. Books already purchased were still available.	Wired Headphones
Good for pleasure not for work. But good value for what you pay.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Just what I was looking for. Needed a book that I could take on a vacation	Lightning Charging Cable
It's great for kids for a cheap iPad alternative however need credit card and no way to prevent accidental purchases	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my step mom who likes playing solitaire. She wore her hand held game out and couldn't find a replacement. She just loves it and can do a lot of other things on it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Decent camera, clarity on the screen, fast downloads.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet at a great price! We bought a number of them as raffle prizes for our employee appreciation party and everybody loved them!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it as a gift and they loved it. Was told it works great and very efficient.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought two of these, one for my son and the other for nephew, they love it. I downloaded kidsmode on it and all their educational games they can play besides regular Games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Looks nice can't wait to try it out! Great price for a tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I made this purchase for myself to free up space on my phone. Now I use it for books, movies and a lot more!	Flatscreen TV
We wanted a tablet to take pictures and to access the internet. This product does both well.	Wired Headphones
"I ordered this online on black Friday, I live about 30 miles from nearest store and I saw the special on their website, so why not I thought. Came in yesterday. Maybe it's just because I'm not familiar with this product; I'm used to Android tablets that have you set up with your Google account. This one you set up with your Amazon account. OK, no big deal I thought, at first. Then I found it very difficult to install the free 6 month Webroot it came with. I went to Google Play as instructed, it says installed, but there is no Open button to click to continue the process, as instructed. When I contacted Amazon customer support, I was told I can't use Google Play on it and to use the app store instead. I was given a link for Webroot installation but it didn't help. I downloaded Google Chrome but can't find it on the device. No youtube, facebook, gmail apps; won't install. Again, maybe I'm just not used to the product but if I can't use Google apps on it, I won't like this. It's actually for my son and even though teens are often smarter than we adults when it comes to gadgets, LOL, I don't think he will like this either. So I'm returning this; hopefully can find an Android tablet I like (and affordable) at Best Buy."	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.	Vareebadd Phone
We've had this tablet for about a month and have no complaints. Great tablet for a kid with lots of storage for games!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'VE had other kindles and when my current ones storage became low I knew I wanted to purchase another one. It can be used for a variety of uses.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Kindle fire is great! I already have one myself, so am happy to be giving one as a gift!	iPhone
This device performs great! For the price it's really a steal. Affordable and easy to use.	27in FHD Monitor
Gave this to my son who breaks everything and so far has lasted through a couple drops. Easy to use and upload content.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Wanted something to use while charging my iPad, easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought for the grandkids and they work great might get one for myself	Lightning Charging Cable
Small enough to carry every where. When he is using it, you can hear a pin drop.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great, good price. Would buy it again. Kids have great time with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 7 year old so he could play games on those looooooong hockey game car rides -- this tablet was more than enough for what we needed and the app selection is good in the Amazon store! No complaints here!	Flatscreen TV
Bought this for my toddler to watch his shows on netflix amazon and vudu. Vudu isnt compatable, netflix is so slow it kept buffering, so he got upset. Acording to its specs it has a faster processing system than my linsay tablet bit its five times slower atleast. Downloading anything takes forever. It was also very difficult to navigate.Over all waste of money	Apple Airpods Headphones
Upgraded my kindle, easy and fast transfer from old to new	iPhone
Smaller overall size with the same screen size of our older kindle fire. Faster processor.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have not been a fan of anything Android, but Amazon did this one right. I've had none of the issues I've experienced with other Android tablets, and it works great for shopping, browsing, reading, and listening to music.	Wired Headphones
My order came on time and great price. This item is a gift for a family member.	Wired Headphones
Tablets are best used for personal reading. Clear and it like a book. you dont have to sahre	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this and it's great for kids got it for a early Christmas gift for a friends son and he loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
This product does what it say it do. I really enjoy reading	Vareebadd Phone
Bought this for my 9 year old granddaughter. She loved it. Easy to use and excellent display. I am considering one for myself now that I've seen and used hers. Very light also.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great with good storage but, lacks online browsing speed.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased as a gift, the recipient is very happy and surprised with the performance, thinking of buying another one for myself.	Wired Headphones
I love the fact that this Kindle has an expansion slot so I can add memory for movie and music (and book!) downloads! Awesome!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
He is a wizard with computers and tablets and knows much more than me.	Lightning Charging Cable
It was amazing everything was perfect and it came on time	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for reading/listening books. Love the availability to expand the memory. Now I can load movies and tons of books! :-)	Wired Headphones
Bought as a gift but have not had any issues with products purchased from you	Lightning Charging Cable
Gave it to my grandkids (ages 3, 4 & 9) for Christmas and they loved it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Gave it to my grandkids(ages 3, 4 & 9) for Christmas and they loved it.	20in Monitor
Boxed well, easy to set up, and pretty easy to get the hang of.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It is good tablet for any age love it very easy to use	iPhone
Was recommended to purchase by a family member who has one who is very happy with it	Wired Headphones
I APPRECIATE the ease of purchasing and reading ! I have found every book title I want plus the recommended books have led me to find new Authors!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. A useful source for kids activity while on the road load up movies books and games! Cheap product but great use good education for ur kids too	Bose SoundSport Headphones
is a God tablet but the camera could be a little better	Lightning Charging Cable
Very satisfied. Price was great. The curved screen is nice but I believe you get more TV with straight screen. I believe it is just a viewers choice. We have a sound system so I can't speak about the sound.	LG Dryer
Bought it accidentally. Meant to get an 8 inch screen.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Tablets have come a long way. This is much better than my piece of junk nextbook. For the 70-75 dollars, I bought this for it is great and stays on wifi much better than my old tablet. It is small enough to travel with and browses much faster online than what I used to use. The sound quality is not bad.... and I will also give a spoiler that neither style of apple earbuds will work with this. I have some cheap earbuds that will work with the fire.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love it will recommend it to my friends.Found it to be as good as having a I pad.You can take good photos and face time as well as text.A vary llite tablet that comes in a number of colors.You can also use it out doors because it has a polarizing filter.	Flatscreen TV
Love the features my new Kindle Fire has - very user friendly!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good deal and a great price. Wish the Geek Squad knew more about combining kindle accounts	Wired Headphones
Good tablet for the price, and excellent for kids.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am pleasantly surprised at how well this works. I bought the e reader and it didn't work so I was nervous buying this kindle. But it works great and my son loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not bad for the price and what it can do. It's decent just for web browsing.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
best kindle so far.much slimmer profile. Battery last much longer and it doesn't seem to have the charging issues my other 3 had	Macbook Pro Laptop
If you are a Amazon Prime member, this is one of the best tablets to have, awesome!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The connectivity was okay to setup for access the navigation was a little clumsy. Overall good product for a good price in it's category.	USB-C Charging Cable
Compared to all other 7 inch Tablets, this Amazon Fire Tab just outperforms them by miles. And yes you can add the Google Play Store without rooting the device.	iPhone
Purchased this for my grandchildren for Christmas and they absolutely love it, haven't put it down since they received them...Thanks Best Buy!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased these for Christmas gifts. Assuming they were satisfactory because I didn't hear of need for returning. Purchased as angel tree gifts for preteens.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet has far exceeded my expectations. The price was way lower than most other tablets but it does everything I need and want.	Wired Headphones
My second Kindle fire. Lives up to Amazon'so description	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy for reading, easy to hold - can send emails, takes pictures - must be connected to WIFI to get setup.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my 10 year old grandson. He loves it! It is very easy to operate and has a great display.	Wired Headphones
My son LOVES it! Easy to use and download books. Requested for his Birthday gift.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for a gift for some one who's old tablet won't work. Just the right size to play games on.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my 8 year old granddaughter. She loves it!!! The display is very clear and easy to see. The set up allows for you to choose child safe settings with PIN protected parent lock to help protect young users from inappropriate content. This is well worth the affordable cost!	USB-C Charging Cable
So happy with the color choices! This will be perfect for my 10 year old and I am thrilled with thr price!	Product
Good tablet for my baby.keeps him busy. I love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This Fire worked great but I returned it because it was not the one I wantedBest Buy took it back for a full refund with no problems Best Buy is alsome	20in Monitor
The sleek design and colors available for small kids is good. The tablet is a nice price and useful.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works well, some issues with installing Google Play apps. Great battery life	Lightning Charging Cable
Very nice tablet I like the size of it too nice for a young person	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my three year old niece. It was easy to set up for her, and she loves it. I also purchased the Kids Free case, to protect it.	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter likes her new kindle. It's her second one! She was surprised we bought her another one. The first one lasted 4 years!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Kindle was bought for my nine year old grandson for Christmas. He wanted something to play games on and watch You Tube. Works great, no issues. Would recommend for any age, great price too!	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought the fire for my 85 yr old aunt. She loves it!! Easy to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
Allows me to watch and read digitally. Great product	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a great gift has every thing you need to have fun	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I use it daily to check emails, social media and recipes.	Wired Headphones
Bought this tablet after a cheaper model quit working. I found all my cloud items already available being Prime Member.	iPhone
Great product! I will recommend this to all of my family and friends.	Wired Headphones
I do like the Fire Tablet - but I feel that if it is going to have a camera it should have been a better camera. The internet works but I find it takes a while to load. I have read a book on it but - I prefer to use my original paper white - that can be read in any lighting including outside. But for what it is and the price it was - its a good product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
She loves it, she has one of the first Kindles and uses it daily, so this new one was a surprise and she enjoys the color in some of the cookbooks. The clarity and the Washington Post was an added feature, and fact that it was so easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I reviewed a lot of tablets before I bought this one. It is the first one I have ever purchased. I am no tech geek and it was pretty easy to figure out how to use it. I mostly bought it for and use it for: reading e-mail, facebook, and browsing the internet. I really like it and use it more than my laptop. But, if I need to do anything detailed, I use my laptop. Overall it's a great tablet for a beginner, and you can't beat the price.	27in FHD Monitor
Best tablet for the money Amazon delivers a good product	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave this product to my nephews and they love it. Easy to carry and easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Faster and good quality for this kind of brand ...	27in FHD Monitor
Great Product, User Friendly and can't be beaten for the promotion prices.	Flatscreen TV
Enjoy the performance and size of the television we purchased. We are very satisfied with this product	iPhone
Brother in law loves it. He's not very technical so perfect for him.	Google Phone
Bought if for my 6 year old son. Has plenty of space. Long battery life. It's durable and hasn't broke when dropped (I'm going to buy a case though!!!)	Wired Headphones
This tablet is great. So glad I purchased this item.	Lightning Charging Cable
limited apps and a bit thicker than iPad but works	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for basic needs.. internet.. video streaming.. games.. books... you dont need an ipad?.. get one of these.	27in FHD Monitor
Great purchase for a 9-year old girl. Easy way for peaceful long car rides.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet was a gift for my father-in-law and is his first tablet ever. He is really enjoying getting to know his way around it. It's definitely user friendly and perfect for reading, music, and things like that!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great kids tablet, we have 4 of them now and they come in handy on long road trips. For the price they are a great buy.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
So far my Fire is working well. I did have difficulty setting it up initially and had to ask a Best Buy tech to help me out. Connecting with my wireless was the most difficult step. The print is easy to read and can be enlarged. It is nice to be able to access e-mail. I find that it is easier to use if placed in a book-style protective case. That makes it easier to hold while reading. Anyone should enjoy using the Fire!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"This tablet is perfect for my mom. She primarily uses it for playing games, the calendar and taking pictures. The camera is a decent camera for a 7"" tablet. Hopefully she'll use it to read books and magazines as well."	iPhone
Perfect Tablet for my grandkids. Easy for them to use as the parent can set up controls on this tablet. ABC Mouse can be downloaded for preschool kids which is a plus. Purchased 4 one for each of my grandchildren so there is no more fighting of tablets. Great find! Thank you Best Buy. Also I purchased the insurance for these tablets because you know how little ones are. Overall everyone was very happy at Christmas	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this tablet for my 7yr old daughter and it has been great for her. It's the right size for her little hands. Only drawback is the you can not get google apps on it. Apps have to be from Amazon and they might not have the app you want.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought for the wife for a Christmas present to replace her old Barnes and Noble nook . She loves it , its lighter,faster and has a lot of newer apps on it . great cheap reader.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
got this as a gift for my boyfriend he loves that it is very convenient and easy to use.	Wired Headphones
It's not a very powerful tablet. I needed something just to view Netflix and some other videos. Not to mention play some music and look at photos. Other than that I think it's too weak, not good for gaming. For the price though, you can't beat it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A great Christmas gift, great for listening to music	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Good deal and great product. An affordable tablet from a well known trusted brand	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for my kid. She takes it on all our road trip.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was purchased for my grandson for Christmas, he is so in love with it, Great price and quality. Will probably get another grandchild one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
these tablets work wonders for my needs, i didnt need a tablet to work, only for web browsing and play some games. nothing fancy, this tablet fits perfectly for that. and the price...pff perfect. ! you wont find this quality cheaper.	Lightning Charging Cable
Too bad Amazon turned this tablet into a big advertising tool. Many apps dont work and the camera is not good.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this as an exchange Gift for Christmas!!! My Mom fought over it and eventually won it! She Loves It!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my husband for Christmas since our daughter uses the other tablet all the time. He has barely put it down since he opened it!! He uses it mostly for reading and some internet browsing. Overall I am happy with the product and have had no issues so far.	ThinkPad Laptop
Overall it's okay, I don't like that it takes forever to charge.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this tablet so I wouldn't have to pack up my laptop when I went to my boyfriend's when I want to do my online class. This is perfect for that	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I bought this tablet to replace one I had bought a while ago for my daughter, all I heard upon opening is ""Mom, you are the best"", as she was excited to get a newer up to date Fire. She loves the fire tablet and so do we as a family. Amazon Fire is our go to. We can not switch to anything else!"	27in FHD Monitor
got this for grandson, didn't want to spend a lot on 1, and this 1 fit the bill, great value, no issues	iPhone
Bought this tablet for my son..great battery life, shipped fast..great value!	27in FHD Monitor
Bought one of these two weeks before on Amazon and paid almost double for what Best Buy had these for. So, i bought another one the same day as this!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for many uses. Purchased mainly for reading but have used it multiple times just browsing the web and social media.	Wired Headphones
Bought this tablet for my grandson, and we couldn't be happier. He loves it, and it is easy to use. Created the children's account, so he wouldn't be distracted by all the other goings on the internet. Bought this, so he could play games, do his school work, as it links up nicely to the IXL and Google class. Love the usage timer, and the ability to lock it down. I have loaded the Google Play Store on it, so we now access to many games and other apps. No issues so far. Great buy for the money. Only down side I can see (or in this case hear) so far, low sounding speaker. Could be a bit louder or better placed. All in all, you wont be disappointed in this purchase. Great for web page looks ups, reading and playing games.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
for 33 dollars its a great option. although it was a black friday special its perfect for kids especially considering the amount of damage it can handle!	Lightning Charging Cable
Not the fanciest tablet, but it definitely gets the job done! Bought as a gift for a friend that wanted an e-reader and he loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product. Exactly what I've come to expect from my Kindle readers.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 25 year old son for Christmas. He loves it!	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for the kids to play games and watch shows.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Very easy to use and love the graphics of the screen.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my daughter as a Christmas present and she loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Fire tablet is great, we just bought our second. It's screen is pleanty big enough to see, but small enough to fit in my jacket pocket.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great to view movies, play games, surf the net. Makes shopping on Amazon music easy	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a gift.. Good price and features for this Kindle	27in FHD Monitor
Once I understand how to use this, it will be awesome	iPhone
Tablet good for kids and some adults. Price and screen resolution were also a selling point.	Lightning Charging Cable
bought this as a christmas gift for our son, it holds a lot of games and is very easy to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
this is the best tablet out there.....great bang for your buck	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for my kids and is easy to block purchases. Even better if you have amazon prime.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son uses the device to help him do his homework	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love this product it keeps them busy anytime of day	Wired Headphones
This was bought as a replacement to a shattered screen kindle. We are always happy with our kindle but can i just tell you how easy it was to set up the replacement!?!? Literally no strain on the brain, follow screen instructions and EVERYTHING from old kindle transferred over flawlessly! Awesome!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this tablet! This is my second. Just couldn't beat the price!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good price. Works well. Best Buy sales associate was very helpful in selecting this product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for Christmas. We bought this on a black Friday sale. Price was reasonable	Lightning Charging Cable
We are used to iPads in our house. This has taken some learning to get used to a slightly different format, but it works great!! The price point is perfect for kids to use without the worry.	ThinkPad Laptop
Works well! We had one of the original fires and it finally died which is why we bought another. Great clarity and better internet also	Apple Airpods Headphones
This little tablet surprised me. I did not expect to get that smooth of an experience on it. I thought I would need the later Ipads to get decent performance but these units handled everything I needed to do. Videos play awesome, scrolling is super smooth. Activating the tablet is also a breeze, just need an Amazon account which is free. Battery life could be better and could have included a stylus but still great tablets for beginners.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet. There are thousands of books and movies and music to choose from the Amazon store. It is very easy to navigate	Lightning Charging Cable
Killer tablet for the price. No issues running any apps or programs.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I'm normally an Apple snob but needed a cheap tablet and was very surprised how functional the Amazon Fire is.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Well not as good as I thought but works fine for my children.	Wired Headphones
We purchased 2 ... one for each grandson so they can watch movies and play games. Like the parental controls. That was very important to us.	LG Washing Machine
I bought this for my daughter. She loves it. She reads books and plays games.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is perfect for travel! Recently took it on a trip and the battery lasted the entire day with watching shows on and off on Netflix. Great first tablet!	Wired Headphones
It's a little slow, and the camera isn't the best, but for the price it's fine	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Moved all the ad apps to a folder and loaded what I wanted. Small size fits in my sport coat pocket.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Good size for space I had for the TV. The color is good.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my teenage son (17) so that he could give his eyes and neck a rest from looking at media on his iPhone 7+ He totally loved it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Was looking around for a good cheap tablet and this was the best one I could find especially because Best Buy was having a sale so with the Fire, a case, a stylus and a MicroSD card I only spent a little over a $100. I've been using it just about every day since I got it in December and I've not had any problems with it at all	ThinkPad Laptop
This was for my sister birthday. She really like it a lot.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought online for my granddaughter and she loves it, I have to get one for myself after seeing the quality of the picture,	27in FHD Monitor
My 2 year old son loves this tablet. He is very engaged with the educational apps that the tablet has. Its easy to navigate. I would recommend to anyone	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm super happy and very glad I made this purchase!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kids love it! Great Christmas present even if not an apple product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet. One of the best out there on the market.	Google Phone
Bought these for all the grandkids for Christmas. Basic enough for a 10 year old but with enough features and capability for the 18 year old!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love EVERYTHING about our tablets. We haven't put them done since purchasing them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I was looking for a tablet for my 5 year old. This tablet was definitely worth the price and it's not a ""kiddie"" tablet, as she calls them."	Wired Headphones
I bought it for my fiancé and he can't get enough of it. Awesome purchase.	Wired Headphones
Like it so much I gave them out as gifts for Christmas	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought it as a gift for my aunt. She says that she loves it uses it everyday! Does a lot more than her old Kindle.	Flatscreen TV
Daughter uses it constantly for games, texting, Web surfing, and email. Great alternative to more expensive devices.	Wired Headphones
Loving my Christmas gift - best gift that I've received in awhile. I love the ease of downloading books and having something new to read at any given time.	Lightning Charging Cable
screen works great sound is sufficient all around good tablet	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Amazon Fire is excellent small compact, got it for my daughter's Christmas, she loves it. My daughter bought one for her grandfather which is 83 years old, he's doing good with it easy to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is great for browsing the internet, very affordable	27in FHD Monitor
This kindle fire is great. The kids love it. They can watch shows and play games. Keeps them entertained.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second Kindle and I am really enjoying it. I purchased mainly to use as a reader but it has exceeded my expectations. I can check my emails, surf the web, down loaded fb and pintrest as well. I have linked to my local library and can borrow books with ease. I have also downloaded Netflix as well. I love that I can change it to night reading so there is not so much of a strain on my eyes. I have not charged it for 2days now and have done quite a bit of reading and still showing 53%after 2 days. I purchased the 16g but plan on purchasing a micro SD card so I can expand the memory to download audio books as well.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Awesome price on Black Friday! Great tablet for reading and searching the Internet. Has expandable memory slots which is great!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It is a great tablet believe it or not it is also great for kids use parental controls.	Flatscreen TV
The amazon fire tablet is awesome..my kids love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Hard to use, Lots of ads, and Randomly closes apps	Wired Headphones
We are so pleased with this tablet. We purchased one for each of our grandsons. They can all use them, play games together and send messages to the grandparents once in awhile.	Google Phone
My Grandma likes it a lot. For the basic book reader nothing beats it for the money.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is great and easy to use. Very convenient and handy to have around	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my 8 yr old for Christmas and he loved it. I like that some of the apps that come with it can be deleted making more room for apps you would want to add.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This does everything your smart phone does but with a larger screen for easier browsing and input.	Apple Airpods Headphones
easy to use plenty of space for a kid recommend warranty	Bose SoundSport Headphones
loves it perfect for kids sound quality picture perfect	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the 3rd one I've purchased. I've bought one for all of my nieces. No other case compares to this one. It has held protected the tablet so many times from them dropping it.	Lightning Charging Cable
It has a clear screen, the books are easy to download, I like the other features as well.	20in Monitor
This tablet overall is okay,there are few problems that i face with this tablet. Charging this tablet takes little longer than the average tabletSome of the application is not available through amazon store app	27in FHD Monitor
Excellent Reader and Product for the price. Very easy to use	Wired Headphones
Tablet met all her needs! She loves it! Great purchase	Google Phone
Very Affordable. I gave this as a gift so I am not sure how well it works.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a gift , was able to talk to an associate and was offered the Amazon tablet at a great price. I'm so thankful for Best Buy and it's knowledgeable sales associates.	ThinkPad Laptop
Got this for Christmas for my 3 year old and she loves it!	Wired Headphones
This tablet has great graphics compared to the base android. I bought the kids protective case to use when the grandkids come over. Long battery life.	27in FHD Monitor
"First bought the Fire HD 8"" for myself and liked it so well that I got this one for my wife."	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as a gift to my parents. The unfortunate part was that I was a little misinformed about the connectivity between the tablet and a chrome cast that I purchases as well as part of the gift. The tablet is not compatible with the table and that was a little disappointing. Other than that, it's an alright product.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great device. Travels well. Easy to navigate. Would recommend.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great product for the price I paid. Highly recommended.	USB-C Charging Cable
23 year old with many special needs loves this tablet. I replaced her old laptop computer with this tablet which meets her needs better. She mostly uses Facebook and games, and this tablet is more portable everywhere for her.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is very simple to start up and use. Great for all ages and experience on using tablets.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a purchase for Christmas! Great tablet to surf the web or read books on! Would recommend for any age!	USB-C Charging Cable
The apps are better, it charges faster and the camera is really neat!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Product was a Christmas gift, to replace and older Kindle Fire	20in Monitor
Wife liked it and that's what matters. Right? Not a bad tablet for reading for the money.	USB-C Charging Cable
My teens needed something they could use to read favorite books, watch movies, edit photos, and catch up with friends on social media. The Kindle Fire 7 tablet covered all this and more at a great price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i love the kindle fire 7 tablet. it is wonderful and awesome.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect for what I need to use it for movies etc great for a gift	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is perfect for kids. My youngest son can use it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I've purchased 5 of these for my kids the last few years. While they are playing a tablet or two, I keep the other tablets charged. I've enjoyed using them myself.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I wanted something simple for my Mom to use and this is perfect for her.	Google Phone
i really enjoy this tablet made a great christmas gift	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great devise for reading books or taking photos. Best Buy Associate was very helpful.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This tablet was a gift for my mother-in-law. She is technologically challenged and was able to set it up and use it with ease. Great multiuse tablet. The size is ok. Get the 8"" if you are like me and like a little more screamReal estate."	27in FHD Monitor
I would like to say that it's a great tablet, just too small(will buy bigger one next time!!)	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a low cost item that provides huge returns for the money spent. It is a great little tablet.	20in Monitor
For a basic tablet, this is perfect. Good price. Does all I need it to!	USB-C Charging Cable
Brought this for my 8 yr old son. He cannot put it down. Would recommend this product.	Wired Headphones
Purchased as a a present. Girlfriend loves it. Would suggest buying for yourself or a loved one	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was not a fan of the Amazon type operating system that is on the tablet. Ended up taking it back because it was not what I wanted, not as easy and supportive of games and apps as an Android tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
This works great for my college class because it's small and compact plus it is very fast. I recommend it. It does what I need for school or just to play games, or enjoy the Amazon apps on the tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
(accidentally posted the wrong review for wrong tablet earlier)This tablet is a steal for the price. I have an old version but bought this one for my sister. You can read books, magazines, stream shows, play games, stream music, and use almost any big named app you can get on google play or apple store. It also gives you a month free of Amazon Prime which gives you so much more to do with this tablet. Honestly considering buying one myself a new one.	Flatscreen TV
its a nice tablet for the basic uses i need it for such as apple tv and killing time with games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the second one I have Purchased. I purchased the 16 MB version for less than 50.00. As long as you understand it is an Amazon product it a darn good Tablet for the money	iPhone
For the price you can't beat this little tablet, it does an awesome job!	Lightning Charging Cable
Got tablet for my daughter..love everything about it and how easy it is to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Fire Tablets are by far the best value on the market. They are parent friendly with the parental controls and kid friendly with he ease of use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this item as a gift for a relative in her mid teens and so far no complaints.	Wired Headphones
Gift was on point. Recipient was very pleased. Would recommend to others.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"It's a nice upgrade from the 6"" screen. Size is just right for small kids hands. Reading kindle books is much easier."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Can download games without using phone plan data. Games that my boys enjoy	USB-C Charging Cable
We only use it for streaming Hulu and playing a few games but it's held its own so far.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am extremely satisfied with this e-reader. It makes for ease on the eyes and fits comfortably in my hands.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got two for my kids for Christmas and they're awesome! And also got lucky they scanned to $20 less than advertised price! Woo!	27in FHD Monitor
convenient, easy to use and grand kids all have one too.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet, not for the power user. Average users will find everything they need.	Flatscreen TV
I hope to find all my books in the electronic format.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This was a great tablet for the price for my wife. Perfect size and good for traveling.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got it for my daughter for christmas. She's very happy with it. I'm surprised how easy it is to use. It could have been 5 stars but the camera quality is not that great. But for the price I got it for it's good enough.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my tablet. It is easy to use and it was ready to go when I turned it on.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This product is great! It is great for those that enjoy using it for reading but also for entertainment. It is the perfect size for sitting in a coffee shop or on your couch to read a book or watch your favorite tv show.	USB-C Charging Cable
We already had a tablet for our son and it was time to get one for our daughter. They are a good learning tool.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My granddaughter is very happy great for kids to learn , reading help	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves it, except that she can't connect to her chromecast	34in Ultrawide Monitor
A friend recommended the tablet and I am happy with it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my kids to watch videos and use mostly educational games on it and they love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
For the price this is a great tablet. Got it for my wife for Christmas and she loves it.	Wired Headphones
I so love my Amazon fire tabletYou have.everything you want books, games etc. The picture are so clear and beautiful. I can't keep my son off of it . I'm thinking about getting another for him .He love watching videos of his favorite show	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this tablet. Works great for my needs. Ebooks Facebook light gaming. Internet is a little slow but it's $40 what can I say. I installed Google chrome for more apps.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy setup and better control than ipads. Pleased with performance.	Google Phone
The graphics and sound on this tablet were better than expected!	Wired Headphones
my brother still doesn't have a smart phone. i bought this device as an introduction to him to the Apple world. he loves it.	20in Monitor
I bought the tablet and it is very nice. I really like the night time mode to use before bed so you can still sleep.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought my sister the original Kindle years ago. She kept it for so long that it had a spot in the middle of the screen that was like a bright light. For her birthday I got her this one & she can't leave it alone! She loves it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Awesome tablet for the price but the only con is that you can't get google play on it, you have to use the Amazon app store	27in FHD Monitor
I love this tablet. It is the right size and I love playing movies on it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is perfect for the kids. Easy to use, dependable, and affordable.	Flatscreen TV
The Amazon Fire tablet is a great starter tablet for people that are looking for an inexpensive way to read your e-books, and watch your videos.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Gift for my mother for Christmas. It's her first tablet. Right price to see if she likes it or not.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My Kids are 5 and 9 and love their kindles! I would recommend.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this tablet as a Christmas gift for my niece and she loves it	Wired Headphones
Bought it as a Christmas gift for dad. For someone who is new to gadgets, he is enjoying it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Exactly what I expected. I own three of these already.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We got this mostly to read books and play some games it's a cheap tablet so no problem if it gets broken don't buy the extended warranty not worthy.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
battery seems to die fast, but that is my only complaint.	Lightning Charging Cable
I like the unit but battery seems to run down more quickly that my previous Fire. Also gets warm while charging.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a solid product great for kids I like it a lot	Wired Headphones
This was gift for my step son. It is easy to use and set up.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I was surprised how much I like my new tablet. It is better than my previous tablet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Tablets are excellent for Youth Sunday School class.	Vareebadd Phone
I like to read and the kindle is great. It's easy to carry with you. You can buy affordable books. I also like the fact you can access the internet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nothing too special or complicated. Fills the need.	27in FHD Monitor
Cannot beat the price. Beautiful screen, durable materials. Extra bonus for prime users is Amazon Prime music and video library. Fits a great niche for ultra-portable needs. For music, I pare it with my Oonz portable speaker for great sound.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son is 6 and loves it. It's very easy to use...	USB-C Charging Cable
Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it	Wired Headphones
I bought my step mom an updated kindle. She reads the new kindle more than her old one.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My mom loves it for reading. My mom is not tech savvy but she was able to adapt pretty quickly.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Ok so when i got this tablet i was not expecting to much from it but now that i have used it...its AMAZING. PROS.their is no lag at all when play high graphic games, pretty easy to use, very fast speedCONS. in my opinion their is only 2 things that drive me insane the screen feels like plastic very uncomfortable and the camera is not the best but it is good for everyday life photos.OVERALL GET THIS TABLET BETTER Deal then the galaxy tab s2	iPhone
Great Tablet. My Grandson never wants to put it down. He plays it for hours and the rubber case really protects it because he is rough with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I was pleasantly surprised to see the Kindle for sale IN the store!! I love my Kindle, especially since I was able to expand the memory! I love that it's portable, to be honest, when given the choice, I find my self on my Kindle over my laptop.The only thing I can complain about, is why in the world Amazon choose s to make it nearly a miracle to find a case for its most popular model?????If you don't have a Kindle, you don't know what your missing!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love the Kindle fire 7. I'm on my 8th one and that's due to my clumsiness and knack of losing things. I've had one Kindle fire 8 but I much prefer the 7's due to smaller size and just seem to work smoother...im totally lost without it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an amazing product for reading books and watching movies.	Google Phone
I bought this for my mom on her birthday. She loves it. It big enough and easy for her to navigate.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great sharp pictures and easy navigation. Enjoy the different background option for my books.	USB-C Charging Cable
Super easy to setup for the kids to use. Parental controls are a bonus.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is your basic Amazon taplet. Nothing too special about it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm glad I purchased this item. I bought for my niece and she loves it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have this model Kindle and purchased another for a gift.He is not very savy but Kindle makes it sooo easy, he is happy.Such an easy tablet!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Samsung Experience Professionals Jon, Neil and Tony were an ideal match for someone looking to upgrade to a new phone. The sales deal was unbelievable - $200 Best Buy card upon upgrade to a Galaxy 7 phone. The sales points that won my business were battery life and charging power. New phone can connect wireless charge without adapter. I am a very happy customer.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a nice and inexpensive tablet. Great for reading on or looking up info on the Internet. Only downfall is you can't download some online games onto it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for my son. Works great. Great tablet for the $.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was purchased for my mom who is not a computer person. It is very easy for her to use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love how easy and interactive product is. Set up in a snap with easy to follow directions.	Wired Headphones
Works great! Just the right size. Would recommend to family and friends.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product. Excellent for small business, kids etc. Good on the go.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my wife as a gift to replace her older fire. Absolutely loves it. Has all of the features she needs. I don't think there is a better tablet on the market and the value is incredible.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the communications with alexa and the new home display.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice camera. Learning how to use it, but it is easy	Wired Headphones
Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 6yr old son loves the tablet!I plan on purchasing another Fire tablet!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am a senior citizen who is not that great on computers or tablets, therefore, I need a book to help me understand how to do things on the tablet. I could not believe that this tablet did not come with an instruction booklet. It's taking me some time but I am learning how to get around this thing. That's why I can only give this product 4 stars instead of 5.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased this tablet for my 9 year old stepdaughter as a step up from my old cell phone. She loves it and uses it as much as possible. Very easy for to navigate through, even with her still struggling somewhat with reading some words.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Overall, not a bad tablet. The price is good and the features are pretty nice. It was bought as a gift and I can say that she loved it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for kids. Simple and inexpensive. 16G must better than 8G	Wired Headphones
My nephew loved the tablet. He's able to download his games and has not experienced any issues as of yet. Fast and efficient, but you will need an Amazon account to run the tablet properly.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves her tablet because she can carry it to all places	Wired Headphones
Cute little fire. It seems to be worth the value for all the things it can do. It could run a little faster. Nice for the buy.	LG Washing Machine
I brought this for my granddaughter and she loves it. She is able to download all of her games and apps that she uses to have on the iPad.	Lightning Charging Cable
I enjoy all the features on the Fire 7 tablet!!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter bought this with her birthday money. She loves it and is always playing it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my daughter who uses it in her AP classes...easier to use a bigger screen than her phone screen in class. She loves it!Price was great!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This product was easy to set up and to use. Works great and has expandable storage which is nice.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my mom. She enjoys checking her email and Facebook. She enjoys playing games most of all.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This little sorcerer's box displays magical pictures and bright pretty colors.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The only problem I have is have to recharge battery every 4-5 hrs. Other than that is a great item !!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Very pleased with the quality of this tablet and I was fortunate that it was on sale at the time of purchase	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my grandmother who's not very tech savvy but she was able to learn how to use it quickly.	Google Phone
It's great but I miss the hd option. My 5yo loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
It's so easy to use and fun! I watch shows on Netflix and MTV apps	USB-C Charging Cable
everything was as I expected.... and order it online and pick it up next day... easy to do...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the right size to carry around. Really like this Tablet.....	USB-C Charging Cable
So much better than the original one I had. I would definitely buy another one.	USB-C Charging Cable
I replaced another Kindle Fire that was broken after I sat on it! I liked all the Fires that I have had so much that I bought another and it is still in use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my Kindle! It's perfect for reading my favorite books!	USB-C Charging Cable
I like it. It's better than the Apple mini. Plenty of apps.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have already got 2 from Best Buy before this is my third one	Google Phone
This is a good size tablet! It is fast and responsive.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this Kindle the only this is it does not read the books as good as my older Amazon Kindle Fire.	Lightning Charging Cable
This Kindle is amazing for children and tweens. Its sturdy and light and fun to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for the money so cheap that I use it for a stand alone interface for my fish tank	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love this product, and don't know why it took so l	Apple Airpods Headphones
I'm enjoying my amazon fire. I've been reading great books, checking my e-mail and shopping.I highly recommend this product..value great quality great.You won't be disappointed.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter has had this tablet for almost 2 months and it works well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for games and music. My son enjoys playing games and music on this device.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet - good for kids and the whole family!	27in FHD Monitor
"Purchased this for my fiance's youngest son for Christmas and also to replace his broken ""no name"" handheld. He loved it. The speed, ease of use and size were perfect for him. He mostly uses it for music, youtube and instagram..all of which seem to work fine on it. It was also very affordable. He's happy with it so we are too."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my daughter. I like it all in all. I was unaware that it didn't have a google to do internet searching.	Wired Headphones
I love this tablet/kindle. I can access email, Facebook, play simple games, shop online and read my books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So i have bought every generation of Kindle since they came out and they have all been fantastic, especially for read school books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for ebooks and small apps. Kid friendly.I feel like it runs slower than apple products. But can't beat the price overall.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Fire makes easy reading. I also love the internet capabilities and the apps that I can access with ease. The horizontal book format for reading makes it even better to read through each book. I receive my emails quickly wherever I may be, as long as I am connected to wifi. I would recommend the Fire to anyone. And the personnel at the Beat Buy store were very knowledgeable about this product and helped me a great deal through the buying process.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves her new tablet she does everything on it	Wired Headphones
It is too heavy for its size! I purchased it to replace a larger Nook, and find that it weighs as much. Screen is attractive but it even with a good signal in public places, hanging on to Wifi is difficult. It is not efficient when downloading (buffering, buffering...) and I am still debating returning it for another tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this is a simple machine but enough for me to use for my business	Wired Headphones
This device meets the needs of my grandson. He can read and play games on it. It also has the parental safeguards.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Can carry a ton a of books around with ease and read any where	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this since I bought my grandson this tablet for Christmas. The tablet is slow, considering price that's OK.I have problems with the charger, it won't charge when I am using the tablet, the charger needs to be plugged in and not moved for it to charge.For the price the tablet is OK.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love my Fire reader! The best feature is being able to change the screen to black with white letters. This is much easier on my sensitive eyes.	Lightning Charging Cable
I use mine for email, Facebook ,games and to go on line. I also have down loaded books. I use it to take photos. It is small and be taken easily. I would recommend it to anyone .	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The best reader from Kindle and I can surf the web as well.	Wired Headphones
I've bought several kindles for my grandkids they all enjoy them we use it for the library and download into overdrive and there are so many free games kids love this	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The product is very durable and is great for children	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is a thing of beauty. The entire family loves being on it. Works great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got it just for my son and he can get on and play games and watch videos no problem, the parental controls are amazing and keep him in his specific apps	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have not stopped reading on this amazon fire. Love it!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for reading books, but I having to manually update the apps is a pain.	Google Phone
I bought this primarily for videos for my son while in the car. I have messed around with it a bit and found the internet connections to be a bit slow. Its to be expected for a tablet at this price point. Overall, I am happy with the product.	Flatscreen TV
I really like it, it's working out quite well for me wish I had bought one a lot sooner	27in FHD Monitor
This tablet is so great for school children to play and learn on.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The amazon tablet is priced amazingly. However, the tablet needs to be restarted constantly to find a WiFi connection.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this to stream HD music via bluetooth to my stereo. Works great and for the price offered can't be beat.	Wired Headphones
Bought this with the intention of reading more, it serves it's purpose! I will be purchasing another one soon for my nephew, for his books and learning games.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use. Intuitive to figure out most functions and operations.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my teenage daughter and it works beautifully with great battery life.	Google Phone
Easy to use and love all the things I can do on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is an excellent device, however, I did take this back and exchanged it for an 8 which I simply love.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my niece. She uses this for E-books. Better than having to store tons of books in her case.	Google Phone
Got for reading Amazon books. Works great. Would recommend.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Just love this tablet.does everything teenage grandson needs it to do! I also buy one for my granddaughter!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
nice to have to watch netflexs on in bed and relax.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So easy to use super clear can't. Beat the price all around great buy	Bose SoundSport Headphones
a gift. He LOVES it. was a reasonable price. thks.	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased for reading. It has been everything I have expected.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Is nice for reading, sometimes the screen is a little slow. Hate the ads on the main screen	USB-C Charging Cable
I debated on what tablet/reader to buy and decided on the fire! I have been very pleased with it. Bought it on sale, what a great price!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Looked for a tablet for reading books and light web surfing. This fits that need.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Brought this small reader for my mom who wanted something larger than her phone to do pintrest and read on. She loves it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I'm an author and frequently give these away as promotional prizes. My readers love them.	iPhone
I bought this tablet for my son and he loves it. He enjoys playing on it and enjoying his free time app.	Lightning Charging Cable
My other one last for two years. Than went out. My daughter loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son and I both love the Amazon fire! He's 8 and plays his games and downloads books. I download books and watch movies and shows	Macbook Pro Laptop
Got this tablet for my 3 year old daughter, and subscribed to free time to download all her favorites plus some new apps. The only issue is that some things take a while to install or load and sometimes freezes. Although I think that may be due more to my WiFi and the fact that I have a ton of devices on my network. I only wish that it was 4G or LTE instead of WiFI.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great little tablet for my son. It is easy for him to navigate through and it also has parental controls . I can control how long he uses it and what he reads.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very durable for a child. Offers more than one user so everyone can read their favorite books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Hi,I ordered this for my daughter who has an extensive liking of tablets. She didnt like it because of lack of google play services and she didnt have the patience to work with it. I knew that the os is only amazon specific but despite the apps that can be downloaded, she was disappointed. I returned it.If you are an avid amazon person, the tablet works great, if you want a google tablet, this isn't for you. I would recommend these for people that want a good decent tablet that they can read and use amazon apps on.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for reading and game play. Color is great.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love the touch screen aspect still love the original.	Flatscreen TV
I love this tablet,I use it for school readings ,for my philosophy class , my Mac book is to delicate to take to school,but my fire tablet is perfect !	USB-C Charging Cable
Got fort my kid, had Christmas and birthday money. Wanted their own tablet and worked good as we are prime members.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this tablet for my daughter and she loves it, so i love it.	iPhone
Product is great. Plenty storage for lots of books	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this tablet for 7 and 2 year old and they are very easy to use. Very durable as they have been dropped a numerous amount of times. No scratches or anything and has many apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
amazon fire 7 inch tablet is a great product and works great and no issues	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet with a lot of features. Great price too.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works great, makes a great gift! .................	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is a nice little no frills tablet, but it could be better, for one it is only limited to amazons web browser, and I like chrome. It is no big deal because what I paid for it I did not expect it to be blazing fast or anything like that.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a great tablet for a low price. There are thousands of apps and electronic books to read.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the way I can read many books and magazines as well as play various games on my kindle.	Wired Headphones
Amazon's Kindle Fire line only gets better as price gets lower. This is my 3rd Kindle Fire purchased, the first 2 still work well after daily use for more than 3 yrs. A sleeker new design makes the product look more relevant. Some definate improvements over the earlier versions include the rear camera, moving the charging port to the top, and a crisper, clearer screen. The Operating system seems to have been upgraded as well and now is more like a cell phone than a mini computer which I think helps it as well. Holds a charge for a good while under normal use. Am already thinking about replacing the other 2 to the newer generation models. Absolutely will recommend Amazon Kindle FIre to anyone who will listen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kids will have a lot of fun time with games and learning	USB-C Charging Cable
Good way to get started for kids to play with and they can learn	iPhone
I replaced an older tablet with this new version, all of my e-books transferred to the new one and I love it.	Wired Headphones
Granddaughter loves it these was her upgrade for her birthday	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this to use on my travels. comes in handy surfing the web.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great 1st tablet for my little nephew downloaded great games and after he dropped it twice still works and looks amazing lol	Wired Headphones
My son uses his tablet on a daily basis. He makes sure he has his case on it and can use all the apps. I can also use it and put on parental protections.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have bought the cheaper tablets for my kids, in the past, however, the sales associate recommend this tablet, and it was only 10 dollars more. So far, I am really impressed by the difference in quality.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this tablet for my 8 year old....when going on long cars rides it's nice to keep them entertained. It was a great value.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves it. She can read books and watch movies.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son loves this product. He plays video games and watch movies on his tablet. We also use it for learning. There are several learning apps you can download on this product.	20in Monitor
We purchased this tablet for our 5 y ear old since all the other kid-friendly tablets were limited it what they had on them. Something should be changed regarding the port for the charger. The little area with the small bar in it keeps bending to the point, 5 months later it broke off and of course the warranty has ended. I am over tablets. If you can buy it on black Friday for 25.00 bucks or less, it should be that price all year long. So now he has no tablet because I am not sending it out to have someone else's sent back to me..re-furbished. I am very disappointed.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Love it. Would definitely recommend to a friend. Just the right size to hold in one hand and ""turn"" pages with the other."	27in FHD Monitor
Out of the box this was easy to set up and even easier to use	Wired Headphones
bigger screen than my iphone allots for easier viewing. So easy to use. I wouldn't go anywhere without my kindle!	Lightning Charging Cable
Grandson was so happy & pleased with the Fire tablet. He was able to download & start playing within minutes of purchase. Would buy another if the need existed.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for trips as it is smaller than my iPad. It was fine to read books and check my email. The internet was slow and aggravating. I am happy with my purchase.	Wired Headphones
Great easy fluid tablet for begginers. Would highly reccommend. Excellent for all the readers out there too !	Macbook Pro Laptop
My baby boy has one, I knew my girl would love it as well. Fun games and the AppStore has access to new games and books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love it. So easy to use. I previously had a Nook Color, but since the newest Nook was having problems getting library books at the time I decided to go with Kindle. Worried I would lose the Nook books I had purchased over the years. Nope not a problem. Just had to download a couple of apps. m.getjar.com to download 3rd party apps. Once that is downloaded, open m.getjar and find Nook there. Easy peasy.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Not as good as before the old kindle, just seams to work better	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my second Kindle Fire and I have been extremely pleased with them both. This second one is much more versatile, and I love it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a gift for my 2yr old. He loves it. Couldn't tear him away from it even when the batteries die. Wanted to get him his own data plan for when we travel longer distances so I attempted to add him to my phone plan. The only problem is the device doesn't have the option to add a sim-card, so my attempt was futile. Its really draining on my phones battery life and data to keep tethering. Soon will be looking in to another tablet/iPad option that allows for the usage of a sim-card some way or another when WiFi isn't available.	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect for my granddaughter birthday. She loves to read. So many books	Lightning Charging Cable
Will definitely keep buying Kindle fire from Best buy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm very satisfied with my purchase, I made a wise purchase	Lightning Charging Cable
Using the Kindle to read books and stream videos is very easy and enjoyable.	Flatscreen TV
Great price works great I have no complaints about the product I would recommend to any one that loves kindle	Wired Headphones
I don't recommend buying this. After 1 month of buying this, it won't charge or turn on.	Flatscreen TV
Great customer service at Best Buy I was able to navigate through the product before actually purchasing it I will def be back and highly recommend it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids love using it. They use it everyday with YouTube videos	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Too proprietary, the apps my daughter liked I could not install on it for her so basically it was worthless for me and I returned it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very cheap and was not impressed at all never again	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet really is worth every penny I paid plus a lot more. My daughter loves it, it allows her to do everything she wants plus provides the durability needed. We haven't purchased a case yet but have not been pressed to either the back layer has a good grip, so she holds it securely with no slipping. She can access her school work, load videos to musically and video chat with friends.	Wired Headphones
It is perfect as a secondary tablet for my son to take on the road.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
works great, easy to use. play videos and game good	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got the first version for my sister and she hasn't been able to put it down on over a year. Then I got her this one and forget about it. Great new features, she loves loves loves it!	20in Monitor
Bought this for all four of my children and they loved it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Am happy with my purchase and the item is being used by my brother's son and he is also happy as on dat	Flatscreen TV
It's a very good tablet for your child everyday use	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a newer version of the Fire I had previously and I love it. I like the camera. This version is lighter than the other. It is taking me a while to learn the differences but most of them are improvements.	Lightning Charging Cable
good tablet for the price its quick and easy to use	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the money I highly recommended it. It is great when linked to Netflix, Disney Movies, etc	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a good tablet for my son to use to play his games.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my niece and she loves it. Works great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I brought to my 2 nices and so far they are enjoy it ....	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this tablet very much except that they have a game or app one has to clear before one gets to the main screen. Other than that the battery lasts a long time and its compact and easy to use.	Google Phone
A friend loves hers & told me I would love it, I do	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice tablet for a kid or teenager no allot of memory.	Wired Headphones
I bought Geek Squad for 2 years. Well after 13 months my device became broken. So the warranty came in handy. Thank you knowing things happend in life.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought 2 for each of my children ( 10 & 15) and they love them. I was a little worried about them adapting to a new operating system, no problems there. The sound and playback images are just fine. They take them everywhere, not like leaving their other tablets at home, I'm thinking about buying me one. Very kid durable	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter like the tablet and she use the tabet everday	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is light weight and thin which makes it ideal to hold on my hands. I love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Decent somewhat slow. Netflix freezes up at times.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Awesome tablet. Purchased for kids. They love it..	Apple Airpods Headphones
For 7 year old. Now has two in different colors - can tell what is on which one by color.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves her new tablet. Plenty of games and videos to watch	20in Monitor
Bought this for my grandson along with a case for his birthday. He loves it and all the apps available for a kid his age.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I decided to buy a kindle fire because of the price. It's way cheaper than most models and more reliable. I honestly didn't think I would be able to do much.with it, but can do a lot. I have Netflix on it and have binge watched a lot because of it. I am quite happy with my purchase.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. I could set her as a user and make it safe for her age. I downloaded books and apps with ease. I'm glad that she is loving her Fire.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this to read books on. Excellent for that. Difficult to navigate otherwise	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Very useful and reasonable priced merchandise also good for giving as a gift to a family member or friend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife's old kindle stopped holding a charge. So to surprise her I stopped by my local best buy and picked up this kindle. This kindle is great. Its has a display that rivals my samsung tablet pro and has a long battery life. My wife uses it every day. This is great for any book worm or if your looking for a tablet on a budget.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for a friend with basic needs. Money was not a concern at all!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is a good kids tablet and or for prime users. Not a laptop replacement or for non amazon users	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I wanted to buy my mom a simple tablet that she could easily work. Great for beginners.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet has a lot of features, it really makes it worth the money if you have an Amazon Prime account.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 7-year old daughter saved up to by this. Her brother bought the 8GB about a year earlier, so new she needed more space. The OS is a bit clunky, and less intuitive then on higher priced tablets, but tough to beat the price. Speed isn't great for web or certain gaming apps, but fine for books. Parental controls are helpful, but take time to figure out and require more steps than seem necessary to change. Overall, OK first tablet for kids, considering the price. For adults, fine for e-books and VERY basic apps. Otherwise, best to pay up for better quality and OS efficiency.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect device for gaming apps and on-the-go streaming!	Wired Headphones
This is a great little tablet to carry around. Love that it is easy on my eyes and has very clear picture.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Slower that my iPad. Love it. Cheaper and better than my Kindle Paperwhite with much more storage. Also bought 128 micro SD card. Prime member and use it to download free with prime movies	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage. Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.	USB-C Charging Cable
Many features packed into a low price. Good as an ereader or light tablet uses to surf internet, email and games. Easy to use. Memory is expandable too.	ThinkPad Laptop
great if you want to read, watch a show, catch up on email, or casually browse the internet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My second one and works better than the first one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
nice size screenlike feachers included storage very goodexcellent color clarity	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like the price and features of the tablet . Its great in this price	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works Great! Love the screen sharpness. Very easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My Fire Kindle is wonderful and I use it all the time.	iPhone
I bought this for my mother for Mother's Day. She absolutely loves it. She uses it everyday. Best thing I ever bought for her.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves it. She loves the books that she can read.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This product is significantly improved over my previously owned first generation Kindle and first generation Fire. The resolution is better, the programmable features are more numerous and the response is quicker.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for my grandson and he loves it. It is easy to use and keeps him occupied for hours.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a great gift for my son. He wanted a reader for e-books and was delighted to have a tablet to search the web, do e-mails, etc	Wired Headphones
I'm was so pleased with this tablet, I bought a second one for my father. We both love it.	Wired Headphones
Had a kids fire and switched to this with a kids case and tempered glass this time works really well for kids	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to set up. East tie you. Would highly recommend this product to others	Apple Airpods Headphones
Upgraded from a galaxy tablet that was 4 years old. So worth it.	20in Monitor
I got this tablet for Skype calls and browsing. It's good if you don't have an ample scope of tasks	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my 5-yr old grandson. It's great & easy for him to use. I have an 8gb myself. Love the Amazon Fire. The price is very affordable.	Google Phone
Was not hard to set up and love the quality. Good screen size and clarity.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this tablet. It's the perfect size for my kid. Keeps him entertained during long trips. We picked up the free time kid proof case and it's perfect also.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a nice little tablet, for me since I don't do a lot on a tablet, it's a great size. It took a little getting use to working with, but am a little more comfortable with it now.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a great Christmas gift for our grand daughter.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Have some issues with library check out and Amazon.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I read a huge number of books in Kindle format. This Kindle Fire is perfect for that. It's just the right balance between screen size and easy carrying. It also is great for Audible users (you will want to install a micro SD card, though). You can also use it to watch Netflix and the like, although I don't. As a tablet, it leaves a lot to be desired. If you are looking for a tablet, give this a pass. It has a lot of system lag, and Wifi reception is terrible even in areas where other devices show a strong signal!Also, you should know that you can't access any apps on the Google Play store; it's locked into Amazon. None of that bothers me because like I said, I only use it to read/listen to Kindle books, and this device works perfectly for that. Bottom line: if you just want a Kindle reading platform with some extra functionality, this will work well for you. If you're looking for the full Android tablet experience, look elsewhere."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great and nice links to Amazon if you have a prime account.	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm very tough on dishwashers and this one seems to be up to the challenge! I will never own another brand!	iPhone
Bought my 11 year old niece and my 7 year old nephew one a piece for their Birthdays and they love it! Great Tablet for all ages and very user friendly.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this as a gift for my mother. Her first tablet and she loves it. Easy for her to navigate.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It is good to have this as a backup. Lags performance eventually. Not worth for the money.	iPhone
Great device and deal, specifically for the little ones	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I use this tablet to control music on my surround sound home speaker system. It works great for that purpose. Streams directly to the receiver with no lag, and fits perfectly on the wall. Great device for this purpose	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice Tablet for games and keeping up on social media!	Macbook Pro Laptop
"Positives:Not overpriced and extremely user-friendly OS. Recommend that users purchase an Amazon Prime membership if purchasing this item as there are always a ton of free TV shows, movies, books, and games included in the subscription. Prices for items are also reduced. If not, there are occasional free and reduced price items; however, you have to look for them.Negatives: If you do not charge the battery on a consistent basis, there is a chance that the Kindle's internal battery will not charge anymore. This will require the user to return the item and purchase another. If the user keeps too many apps open, the performance drops significantly. The display has a low resolution and the touchscreen does not always respond as quickly as a tablet would."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Step son wanted a tablet and nowadays kids are up to date on technology so the kid friendly tablets weren't enough for him. Perfect for kids when iPads are way too expensive for a first tablet	Wired Headphones
I Bought Two Of The Amazon Fire Tablets For My 6 & 8 Year Old And I've Had No Problems With Them. They Don't Have Some Of The Games That You Can Download On An Android Market But Other Then That The Tablets Overall Are Great Especially For Kids Sense They Have a Child's Browsing & Adult Browsing With Parental Locks.	Lightning Charging Cable
Blue is beautiful & allows grand-daughter to be able to tell which one is hers. Loves the piano program and challenging herself to play as much of the song as she can. Nice size for traveling with.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice gift for the grandson. He will get much use of it! It was nice that it was available in different colors so that he could tell his apart from his sister's.Nice size for traveling with.	Wired Headphones
This product was purchased for my son to use with another product that required this particular tablet. I think compared to other brands we have or have had this one is pretty good, easy to operate, and I like that the parent has to approve of the settings and games/activity for the child to use. I would however like to see this product allow google accounts to hook up with it so that way you can get stuff from google play on it that amazon store doesn't have!	Wired Headphones
Does everything I need and has a long battery life.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This item works great and fitst anywhere. I have no complaints...	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a first for an adult. Price is right, easy to use and just the right size.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tablet could use a better speaker otherwise a great tablet	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
So far I haven't had any trouble with this tablet. Only thing that sucks is this I can't text from it. If anyone who's an app for it let me know! Thank you !	Bose SoundSport Headphones
good for reading books. light, handy but not so much for browsing.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
cool tablet that you can use daily, just freezes a bit, but the reset button works well.	27in FHD Monitor
Not easy to navigate and download apps to the device	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this as a gift for s friend that loves to read books! Very convenient and portable. Doesn't heat up to bad either.	20in Monitor
Ive always been a kindle fan, you can play games, take pics, read books, listen to music, even go online, and the parental controls make it very easy to protect kids.	Wired Headphones
I love it! I'm a senior and was able to set it up and get library books without help.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my new Panasonic phone system. It has 2 handsets which is a good idea for those living with family! I also like the ease of operating the answering machine as well. Thank you Best Buy!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great product, for a very good price! Loved this tablet	Google Phone
Bought this for my mom who is in her 70's. It's perfect and easy to use for the older generation.	Wired Headphones
Works well and fully functional. I would recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
When I first bought it and got it started it wouldn't register my amazon account. I tried making a new account and I tried using my moms account but it would not work so I took it back and had geek squad look at it and they claimed it was defective and exchanged it for another one and the new one works wonderfully, haven't had any issues with it yet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 7 year old, it has endured all that a 7 year old would and could give it.	Wired Headphones
Bought it for a gift. I do not know what else to say!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was worried that my son wasnt going to like the software, but he's having lots of fun with it	Wired Headphones
Good tablet for kids. Lots of appts to download for games	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoy reading with my Kindle Fire. That is the reason I purchased it. Because I do not have Wi-Fi my use is limited.	27in FHD Monitor
It's a good device for children because they don't know any better	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is excellent! I'm able to download books, watch hulu and Netflix, as well as play games. Overall a wonderful product!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I can read books, listen to books, go on facebook, shop, search the web almost anything on my brand new Kindle Fire!!	Google Phone
Not happy at first as battery was totally dead when I got it. However, after charging, it's working ok	ThinkPad Laptop
We brought this as a replacement for the fifteen to fifty books my daughter wanted to take with her to Hawaii. Books of course would weigh a lot and there be no room for cloths. Pesky airline and their poundage issues. Now she can take a hundred books and she has a mini computer. It's a win win but no win for the airlines!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like to watch movies on it. But it doesn't see to connect correctly to WiFi.	Lightning Charging Cable
It works nice. Still seems like ancient techonology compared to any apple product	Lightning Charging Cable
Good reader, nice small tablet, charging cord is to short.	Wired Headphones
Love this tablet have had several others but this brand works everytime..very happy with my purchase	20in Monitor
I love my Amazon Fire tablet it does exactly what I needed to do.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the 4th tablet I have bought for my 10-year-old son over the past few years. He is just rough with the. I made sure to purchase the rubber cover and I am set. There is plenty of space on the tablet for him to keep the fun apps that he likes. He is managing well with it. Glad I purchased it.	USB-C Charging Cable
THe tablet with an added protective case has so far held up better than other tablets I have tried and the parental controls are great. I can also add educational apps that I want.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves his kindle fire tablet. It is perfect	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great tablet. Great for the price. Very fast and easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm very ignorant of tablets. I bought this for my 2 year old and it has a lot to offer.	USB-C Charging Cable
i mainly purchased this so my child can have access to amazon undergrond to get free apps. he normally uses an ipad . i can tell this is slower but i was not looking for ipad quality. it gets the job done	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
bought a few kindles in the past but this time one of it came defective. the port was bent and it was hard to charge but still possible. comes in 4 different color. was 16gb enough space for kids, has camera, ok quality not the best but ok for pics taken by kids	USB-C Charging Cable
Godchild loves it. He works it very well. Haven't had any problems	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have had 4 kindles over the years , got to have one to read my books & relax	Lightning Charging Cable
Does exactly what it is needed for my daughter and comes at a great price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my son, it's been through some stuff and still going strong	Google Phone
Reliable with great memory and storage. Excellent battery life. Would recommend to young and old.	Google Phone
My old kindle had no camera and was much thicker. This one has a great camera and is much slimmer.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice size and color. It was easy to grip. very pleased	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is a good choice for little kids. It is not very expensive and provide nice features for the price. You can beat this!!!	Wired Headphones
Needed a tablet for games and apps for the elderly. Great choice	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for someone who reads a lot, though the battery could use a little upgrading to make it last longer for voracious readers like me. I read A TON so it doesn't last very long. Other than that, I'm very pleased with the purchase and the way the salesperson (can't remember her name) handled everything for me.	Wired Headphones
Good product and the quality of the product is good. Easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet is very light and streams well. I only use it to stream movies and it's much ligher then an iPad so makes mobility that much better.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Like how I was able to buy a version with more memory. Love this works great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a excellent low cost tablet. bundled with Amazon ecosystem. Low cost. responsive. I use it for light web browsing and making orders on Amazon. Also easy to stream video using amazon video prime, Netflix Hulu, and HBO Now.Easy Access to all my Kindle Books and more memory than the 8GB version	Lightning Charging Cable
This has been a great purchase. It fits all my tablet and e-reader needs.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a birthday present for my sister, and she had no trouble getting it set up for use. I was happy to find one with 16GB, not an inadequate 8GB. My other purpose in buying it was to test (on a cheap machine, just in case!) a procedure for installing Google's Play Store. That was a success, and I got a Fire HD 10 for myself.	Macbook Pro Laptop
First got the fire stick so the tablet was a great addition.	iPhone
For a cheap starter tablet it's fine. Bought it to replace a cheaper kids tablet and it'll do for that.	27in FHD Monitor
I wanted to upgrade my Kindle Fire - First Edition. This one is really nice. Graphics are superb as is the speed in loading. I don't know, yet, what else it can do as I haven't explored it thoroughly. It's like a mini lap top and has a camera that takes very clear pictures and has wireless connection to the internet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Was looking for something small I could use to get on the Internet and check emails and this is prefect for that	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazon - Fire 7 Tablet 16GB has been easy for me to learn how to use. I like that I can read free books from the library. It has everything I wanted and is a nice size for holding.	Wired Headphones
This is the second Amazon Fire 7 tablet I have purchased, this time in a color other than black. This, like the first, has met all my expectations.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Too many advertising and too many pages to sort through.	20in Monitor
Would have gotten 5 stars but the screen is to light when put on dark screen for reading. All the adds make it feel cluttered but that might just be me. Over all for price it is a nice ereader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for my daughter! She loves it ,but she gets annoyed how the battery runs out quickly!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product. Great price. I'm reading more since I started using a Kindle.	Lightning Charging Cable
Tablet is very easy to use and navigate the internet	USB-C Charging Cable
She love it. She said it easy to use.She love it very much	Apple Airpods Headphones
If reading is what you do the most with your tablet, this is good choice!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this primarily to be used as a Kindle eReader and this is a good product for this cost.. The only drawback is that I cannot access all the apps available on the Google PlayStore and have to be content with what is available on the Amazon app store.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I had a Kindle Fire and upgraded to the 5th generation. Could not be more pleased with this tablet.	Wired Headphones
I love, love my kindle fire magenta. the color is awesome this is a truly the best kindle fire I ever owned . the colors availablesare awesome .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet. Perfect for my 8 year old son!!!!!!!!!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
this is a steal, have 8 gb model as well.This has more punch..	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet has been so good that I bought 4 so far.All my nephews and nieces have one and they are loving it.	iPhone
I normally read my ebooks on my phone but my son beoke his tablet and so I gave him mine and bought a kindle for myself. I must say that I cant put it down i love it so much.	27in FHD Monitor
Amazon kindle fire has a lot of free app and can be used by any one that wants to get online anywhere	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the tablet....I just can't do without the tabelt	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this as a gift for my sister and every time I see her she is using it. She does not have a computer or internet at home and is very dependent on the library. This works so well for her. A stop anywhere there is free wifi and she is online. So much tech utility for such a low price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I am a big fan of this tablet, very functional for price	USB-C Charging Cable
It works well for me, however, my wife seems to have cold fingers, and the touch screen does not always respond. One other odd quirk. If the tablet is turned off, and you plug it in to charge it, it automatically turns on. You then have to wait until it boots, and then turn it off again. This is very annoying. Before recommending to someone, I would tell them about this annoying quirk.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This kindle has good quality for the price I bought it for. It can basically do anything an iPad does, but it is a lot cheaper. I got the kindle when it was on sale . If you are using this kindle, just to browse and watch movies then it's more than enough GBSs.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Amazon FIre Tablet is awesome. My daughter loves it very much. It is very easy to access and download your apps. The settings functions are very easy to use and program.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I liked it so much I got 2 and the battery life is amazing. I will buy more when ever they go on sale I have 8 grandkids, these would be perfect for them.	Wired Headphones
Bought this as a Mother's Day gift. Fits perfect inside her pocketbook for accessible use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Not a substitute for an iPad, but a really good tablet for reading and minimal internet usage.	ThinkPad Laptop
purchased for my mother-in-law for Mothers Day, she is not a computer person, the ease of use was great for her!!! just touch the pic!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Just got this today and have been struggling with a few things. Set up itself was pretty easy right oit of the box. Had no idea I would not have access to Google Play Store. Beware, there is a much more limited selection of apps available for this device. Browsing is slow, even while in the same room with my modem. Much slower than my phone or my other tablet. Tumblr app, though able to be downloaded, malfunctions consistently. Will probably return this and get a more capable tablet, but will give it another couple of days to get used to it before doing so.	Wired Headphones
I take it everywhere I go. It's got me back into reading again all the time. If you're a first-time kindle buyer like me, you'll enjoy this product. There are problems with installing apps like viber but still a good purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter picked this tablet after her HD Fire battery would no longer work. The insurance kicked in and she picked this one instead of the HD. She wanted more memory for her music does not use it to watch movies really. She loves the blue color and is working just perfect for her.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
good deal . purchased for my mother , killer mothers day present. get what you pay for	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good product, great price. Big improvement over my first tablet.	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this for my wife, basically just for reading books. She has come to love it. She is constantly reading. Lighting wasn't an issue or I would have gotten the reader.When she isn't reading, I borrow it for puzzle type games, and it is great. Not a iPad by any stretch but it is more convenient than the mini that she also owns. Prior to the Amazon Fire she was reading on the iPhone 6+.a	Lightning Charging Cable
it works great it is handy to use to look stuff up fast and has some great features.i added a memory card to add movies and it works great for that at a great price	Lightning Charging Cable
IT was just as described. I would recommend it to a friend.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for a family member to get her school books on as well as entertainment. She loved it and didn't put it down.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for my son. Has room to upgrade memory to allow more books & games. But the speakers could be better or located in a better position.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It does what I need it to do, but a few to many apps that are not needed.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Liked the first one so much I bought one for the wife	34in Ultrawide Monitor
With a price tag of 59.99, this is one of the low-end tablets with a lot of features, but is certainly worth its price tag. But it definitely lacks the features and HD display of its high end variant Fire HD.	ThinkPad Laptop
Returned it. it was a poor reader and clearly would not last..	USB-C Charging Cable
It's a fine tablet for the price the only problem I have with theach kids mode it's not what I was thought it's going to be I returned it back just be of this reason	Google Phone
I bought a kindle fire 2 years ago and enjoyed using it, I always wished for more storage and better connectivity. This new model has both and I can use with my amazon account.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet as a 13th birthday present for my niece. She loves it and takes it everywhere. She reads books and watches Netflix just to name a few things you can do with this tablet.	LG Washing Machine
My daughter is totally enjoying her tablet.Recently though, it is not charging correctly. I will come to store to have it looked at.	iPhone
This new Fire tablet with 16 GB of internal memory is an upgrade from my older 8 GB version, allowing more storage of books, movies and apps.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is perfect for my six year old's learning apps.	Wired Headphones
I bought this as s present for my 65 year old grandma. She loves it. Very easy to operate. No issues	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for a gift. Person receiving it loved it and is extremely happy with it.	27in FHD Monitor
This is my 2nd Amazon tablet. I love it. I also bought one for my husband & mother in law.	iPhone
"I am an ""old"" traditionalist and have always read from paper or hard back books. Now I don't lose what page I was on and have more shelf space where books used to be."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this a few weeks ago and use it every day. i've had no problems and it works perfectly! My only complaint is the camera. The pictures are not as clear as I would prefer. All in all though, for the price, I would buy it again!	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and set up. It is the best tablet for reading books or listening to audiobooks.	ThinkPad Laptop
The table is great just to experience what is available on a tablet without a hugh expense. I would recommend to others.	Apple Airpods Headphones
read the reviews, bought this tablet to replace an e-reader. Way more than I expected. Video was better than reviews stated, books load faster than my old one Still getting used to a new OS but I am very pleased	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought both of my children one of these tablets...they love it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Love my kindle! At the price it is the best value in tech right now!	Flatscreen TV
Bought this fire for my wife to replace one which got accidently broken.great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got it as a gift for my grandma and she loves it!!	USB-C Charging Cable
I believe this' a great item, my sister has 1 and we liked it that's what prompt us to get one	Lightning Charging Cable
Great beginner tablet for my son! He plays his abc mouse app and watches the movies off of prime.	Flatscreen TV
Bought this to carry around for Internet and gaming. So far very happy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very satisfied with product as do my family /kids.	Wired Headphones
This was a great tablet, but I downgraded to the 8gb because it was cheaper and I could expand the memory at any time.	iPhone
I would highly recommend this kindle. It is user friendly and not to big. But large enough to see easily	20in Monitor
I got this to replace my Samsung tablet. I read alot and so i figured that the kindle would be ok to use. I have found that it works great with the books that I read and I really like the Blue Light feature making it easier to fall asleep reading.	Flatscreen TV
Great for first time tablet, but more advanced options available	Apple Airpods Headphones
I tryed the 16GB to see if it was any different from the 8GB and found little difference.May hold more apps	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is good for kids but the battery life is not very long.	Wired Headphones
Wife likes it. She uses it when she travels. Does'nt like to carry alot of books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the price this does a lot. Purchased as a gift for my mother who is in here 70's. She loves that she can play her games and download books to read when ever she wants. Great value.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet does a great deal! From surfing the net, to watching movie, and using all of the music channels, this is an affordable way to stay in touch. Also, I use it for ebooks for school.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Does what we need it to. Able to download apps that make it fun.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The kinde was really good and my dauther like it. It is very good product and i would reccomend this to al my firends and family.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great tablet if you have reasonable expectations. And you should definitely pay the extra $20 (for a total of $69) and get the 16 GB tablet. Is it the fastest tablet out there? Definitely not. Does it quickly do all sorts of business spreadsheets applications, etc? No. Does it do everything that an i-pad etc can do? No. But at this price point it can't be beat. People say that you can't download chrome and the google playstore. They are WRONG. I have both on this tablet and my other fire, without rooting them. And with the ability to add a 128 GB card it's a no brainer if you want to play games, watch movies/tv, surf the net, email etc. I know there are a lot of people who dislike Amazon and their products, but I am obviously not one of them.	Lightning Charging Cable
Nice starter tablet for my nephew. Does what we need it to do.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is on the smaller side but works for me.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"I love my new Fire tablet. Nice backlight helps me to read my E-book in bed. Background color can be changed. I especially like the black background with white lettering; less glare on my eyes while reading."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice tablet at a very affordable price.............	Vareebadd Phone
The features that I found on the Fire tablet far exceeded my expectations. Well worth the purchase price.	Wired Headphones
very good tablet .i like it. but regulation is little low.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought two of these for my 82 year old mother and 88 year old aunt - they love them! Easy to use! Great gift. Can't wait to buy one for me!	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this tablet.It is very efficient and easy to use.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tablet for the price. We have a tendency to go through multiple tablets a year with the little kids. This is a great price and does everything we want for our young kids.	27in FHD Monitor
Got it for my kid after loosing the last one way better and faster.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am really enjoying it !! Love it ! Sales person was also great	Lightning Charging Cable
The commercials are correct, at this price you can have multiple devices in your household for the price of a comparable competitor's tablet.	Google Phone
Tablet has worked without a hitch. We bought it for my father, who is just shy of 80. With a couple of instructions, he's been using it without further assistance.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought this for our daughter, she plays with it a lot and really loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The product was for my daughter, she loves it, and plays with it all of the time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I use this all the time for playing games and reading books, it's great for surfing the web too.	20in Monitor
i bought an amazon fire 7 tablet for my 7 year old granddaughter and she loves it. it is easy to operate and charge.	Lightning Charging Cable
Overall it is a good tablet, but I am not a fan of the limitations of the silk browser and Amazon app store.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Can't beat the price, it looks and feels nicer than my samsung tablet. I bought this as a gift, but I am thinking about getting one for myself.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the tablet and would buy it again and would tell my family and friends about the fire tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet for checking emails, playing games. The camera is ok to fair for taking pics	ThinkPad Laptop
This tablet is sufficient for secondary use. At times searches are slow and memory is limited.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great bang for your buck. Great for taking to meetings.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for the price . Could do away with the adds . But for what you pay they have to make some money somehow . Would give 5 stars if the adds were not on this tablet factory ore loaded .	USB-C Charging Cable
"We have always been Nexus Tablet desciples, and in fact have bought 6-8 of them for self and family members. This one was for granddaughter to replace Nexus that had gotten slow.This one works better/faster than the Nexus! It's fast....easy to use; perfect tablet for a child or teenager...and can't beat the price!Very pleased with purchase...."	iPhone
Love my first tablet and I have recommend this to my Mom. She bought one too!! Not as heavy as some other models. Perfect for playing games on and watching movies. In love...	Wired Headphones
I wanted a lighted ebook reader and also access to the internet in a small format. The Fire meets my needs at a great price.	Flatscreen TV
I have purchased other tablets such as a kurio for kids and this is by far the best. It has all the apps you need as an adult, great for both adults and kids to read books and great visuals. Only bad thing like my old Kindle fire, the micro-usb portion gets loose.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It has everything he needs. He is using the tablet each day.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was resistant to putting down my real books and begin using a kindle. I'm so glad I did. It's so convenient to shop and instantly download a book. Plus no more storing hundreds on books in my house.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great entry level tablet. It does not have all of the bells and whistles of more expensive tablets, however, at its price point the specs are quite impressive. This is an easy purchase for a small sized tablet or for a child. It is powerful enough and the screen quality is good enough. Overall, I highly recommend it.	ThinkPad Laptop
I love to read and have other tablets but the kindle fire is light weight and was easy to set up There are alot of books and audio products that you can buy and get for free.	Lightning Charging Cable
great tablet for web access and works well gaming no reason to spend more unless you need a larger screen	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Amazon keeps getting better. Tablet now has option to move icons, set wallpaper and more. With added SD card option, is even better.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love the camera quality and secured apps available for download. But if you're looking for specific apps research to see if it's available first. Had to return to get an android tablet for gaming purposes	27in FHD Monitor
I only bought this as a travel companion when I fly. It was cheap and functional.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my first fire and I love it! It is perfect for taking my books on the go without having the large bulky books!	ThinkPad Laptop
my grandchild really enjoy playing and watch videos on her Kindle	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I wanted a tablet mainly to keep by my chair so I could look up stuff, such as information about movies I watch on TV, or answers to the New York Times crossword puzzle, or anything else I was curious about. I didn't want to spend much money, but was still dubious whether such an inexpensive tablet could be any good. I decided that for a measly fifty bucks (plus $20 for extra storage), it was worth a shot. I found that it's perfect for my purposes - relatively fast and easy to use. I haven't used it for downloading or the like, but my guess is it'll be OK there, too. I'm happy I bought it.	Wired Headphones
I like this product but have problems with it turning itself on when just charging it. also several times it shut down and I had to go to reinstall factory settings losing my stuff. Alot of new options I do not use but several of my friends like.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very happy with the HD Fire 16GB. Plenty of memory and easy to navigate. I would definitely recommend this item.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice device I like to use it to read books online.	Wired Headphones
This is my wife's third Kindle and continues to be her favorite method of reading and accessing the web. These are great devices	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have not explored all the features of the kindle fire tablet yet. Why does the sound always have to be reset each time? I want it to stay on full sound maximum loudness always. I have to reset it each time I fire it up to listen to music. What's up with that? Please direct me someone!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon fire was a gift for my mom and she seems to really enjoy it. I have one so I bought her this one for her birthday. She enjoying all the games she downloaded.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was my brother's first laptop and he loves it.	iPhone
This is a low cost tablet. It offers many of the same features as higher priced tablets. Good buy!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my new Amazon Fire tablet it's great!! The perfect size to fit in my purse so that I can take it with me. I would definitely recommend to a friend.	USB-C Charging Cable
I pickup the Kindle Fire tablets for some of my clients as a gift and they love it!	Lightning Charging Cable
I actually had a kindle. But I have grand daughters and they always want to play with it when they come over .. Soo removed all my books from it and put their games on it and got me a new one for me... Now we are all happy. They watch you tube and Netflix and play games. It's a win win.	Lightning Charging Cable
It great just a little small then what I would like it have been	Bose SoundSport Headphones
After much resistance | broke down and purchased my Kindle Fire, just prior to a trip. I read three books during my free time. With limited packing space I would only have been able to carry one.	Flatscreen TV
Good little tablet for media. Lack of built in Google apps is annoying but can be bypassed without rooting.	Google Phone
Best electronic I purchased for myself this year. Great price too.	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect for surfing web. Love the size, not too big, not too small.	iPhone
I have always been a Nook customer, but recently their models have not received good feedback. So, while shopping for a new ereader, i had to make the decision between the two. The biggest influence behind price. While the new Samsung model of the Nook definitely looks great, it also has a big price tag. Overall, we are very happy with this purchase. It is mostly used as an ereader, but we have downloaded a few games. Kindle is a good reputable tablet and is a good solid ereader.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It had apps he can use now and that will grow with him, easy to navigate	Wired Headphones
I has another and work real good it is not a expensive tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
I had originally bought my son the Kindle Fire HDX. And it worked great for him. The only downfall to it was he wanted both the rear and front facing cameras. But it only came with the front facing camera. As children do they break things. And he broke the screen on this one after having it for a year. I did not want to spend that much money on the second kindle so that's why I chose this Amazon Fire 7-inch tablet. And it has the front and rear facing cameras and that my son wanted. All the features are the same. It is a great buy. I would highly recommend it.	Vareebadd Phone
I can't update Facebook and a few other apps. It's not what I expected.	Wired Headphones
I gave as a gift to a kid who has autism! It has been helping on his development a lot!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's perfect for me when I'm doing homework or just surfing the web when I'm at a Starbucks or just at home.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have had a regular black and white Kindle for years and I love it, but i wanted something back lighted to take on vacation and night reading. The Fire is perfect, small and light and easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love everything about my new tablet. Good for on the go work related stuff or even just basic movie watching or emails.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire tablets because the sales guy said that they were great and ran really fast. I have very fast internet and this thing just barely chugs along. If you play a game, it constantly stalls and freezes. The sound quality when I play music is terrible. I was planning on buying one for each of my 9 nieces and nephews if they ran well but now I know that wouldn't work for them because they are horrible.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it as a gift, wife loves it. Plenty of memory and available apps.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought these for my children they love the camera on them. The last one they had didn't have s camera	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my kids and they love them!! They love the camera!	Macbook Pro Laptop
So my old kindle stopped working recently. Not sure why but it would not connect to our new router. So I checked with Best Buy and saw they had Kindle on sale for $60 which is a great deal for a color kindle tablet. I especially like that I can setup the reading mode which dims the tablet and removes the blue led light. So far I have read 5 books in the past 2 months on this kindle and it flawless.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nothing is perfect (even IPad). But for what you can do with this product for this price it is real excellent. Have more than one. One for work and one for home.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great steelbook for a great movie. this steelbook is amazing	
I like the fire tablet it's very easy to use and visuals are very good.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet operates wonderfully. The size is handy. The graphics vibrant.For the affordable price it is unbeatable :-)	Wired Headphones
My 5 year old loves his tablet. It's perfect for him.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet to replace my textbook. It has everything I want and need. I only purchased it after I learned you can download from google play. The amazon equivalent to google play has a lot of the same apps and games.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I needed a device to listen to books on a long drive. This paired easily in the car and downloading the audible books was a snap.	Flatscreen TV
I bought this kindle for my dad. The size is just perfect, not too big nor too small, and light to carry around.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for 6 year old boy and couldn't be happier	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So I was given a HD for Christmas and when this went on sale in time for Father's Day I had to get it... Love that it has the expansion slot!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this table to use to check my email and get on Facebook, but I use it for so much more. It is a great tablet for a good price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a nice upgrade from my first kindle fire but the volume is just not high enough !! I had to buy a wireless speaker for it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my9 year old so he could play mine craft and other little games. Does well, durable and easy to operate.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a perfect tablet for my 12 year old. It does everything that she needed it to.	20in Monitor
Lighter weight than my old kindle fire. Easier to carry with me.	iPhone
Quite light, easy to conceal, easy to use and quite quick.	Google Phone
This tablet can be literally dropped over a thousand times and the screen wont crack. I bought the HD 6 when it came out for my daughter. I just had to replace it because it wasn't charging anymore, it wasn't the cord itself but the device on the inside failed to identify that the cord was plugged in.The best quality tablet i have ever seen. Amazon has a great product and will never buy any other brand of tablet.	Wired Headphones
Great product would recommend it this to others. Have a great picture.	Lightning Charging Cable
I do not like this Tablet one bit. It has to be registered with Amazon for it to function and it failed every time. I finally had to resort to calling Amazon's customer service, also not an easy task, to get it registered. There seems to be glitch in the programming, because when it failed again, I had to follow the same steps all over again to get it registered. I would highly recommend skipping this tablet and getting one that is not tied to any one company's operations, programming, or software.	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm very happy with my purchase. I bought one because my wife has one and is very happy with hers.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Needed to replace the old Nook. Looked at the fire and was a little unsure. At this price though you get more than what you pay for. I travel alot for work and this has earned it's place in my travel bag. Well most of the time it's actually in my back pocket so I have quick access to it to get some reading done. For anything to be carried on my person during travel is high praise from me because that means it has value and importance.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's great for beginners, like children, but very limiting for me. I can't use many apps because it doesn't allow me to use the Google play store.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 14yo daughter loves to read and watch certain shows on Netflix as well as Amazon prime. She is less interested in the apps which is a good thing since you do not have access to google play and all of those apps unless you 'side load' the Google play app which, for the casual person, is more technical that you would like.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my kids its a cheap alternative to an Ipad mini and should they lose it or break it its easy to replace with little out of pocket.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife loves reading, and being able to have so many books to choose from is great. The price of the kindle is also great. If you factor in the cost of books. This was a great investment for her.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A great tablet for the price--really no major complaints!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Any Kindle product I have purchased is easy to use	Wired Headphones
Works well for browsing and reading. It also has great apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
Watch it over & over again!!! Blu ray is the best!	ThinkPad Laptop
features are similar to my fire 6 and this upgrade is good. I wish it was lighter in weight, although I enjoy the larger screen.	Flatscreen TV
The tablet is easy to use, The storage isn't great but you can add a card for extra storage which is nice. Haven't found any problems with it yet. Reasonably price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very happy with my purchase. The tablet works amazingly good for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent for what you pay and always good shopping at Bestbuy	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought it for my mom, it was real easy to transfer her downloads from her phone to the tablet..	AA Batteries (4-pack)
if you use it for certain things it's great. Can find most everything on it. Only a few things that can't be downloaded or found in the appstore	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a replacement for another fire. It's the best tablet we've had and does everything we need it to.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
the recipient of this tablet uses it often and loves it so much that I'm buying one for myself.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My 4 Year old grandson likes to play games and watch movies. This was the best ever purchase I've done.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great buy after owning the original kindle Fire, it's very versatile and shows the progress made from the original. You can't lose and pair it with Amazon Prime.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my son. He damaged the previous one but it was good for his purpose. He loves to play the Minecraft app and can read a book with ease. I don't have a tablet for myself. If I did, I would get the Fire. All I would really need it for would be to surf the Web and use the apps. For the price, u can't go wrong.	ThinkPad Laptop
You can't do better for$60. My only concerns is the battery life could be a bit better and it has a cheap plastic feel to it. Great for light browsing and Kindle reading though.	Vareebadd Phone
You couldn't get a better buy for $59 than the Amazon fire 7. Paid the extra $20 to get the 16gb. Well worth it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This is a great value for the money. It is easy to use and has a lot of great features . In addition to the ability to read books on it, I can listen to music; play games and use it as a camera. It is a great value for the money. The screen is large enough to make reading easy."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this to get the dual cameras AND THE EXPANDABLE STORAGE!!!!...love it for its size and other features. Battery life is good. Graphics and resolution good.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
PERFECT SIZE FOR TRAVELING, COMPACT AND LIGHT, AMAZON APPS ARE INCLUDED, GREAT FOR STREAMING VIDEOS AND SHOWS ON THE GO!!!!	27in FHD Monitor
bought this kindle for my grandson, he loves it and it very easy to use	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My son uses this tablet for movies and music and to surf the internet. For the money it has been fantastic.	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased this for my father in law and it works perfect for him. Good product for the price.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet works well for anyone. It however does have a few quirks. When trying to read an article it will just out of the blue send you somewhere else. But other than that it's fast & very clear & bright screen.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was the perfect gift for high school graduates. I went to get the 8GB but for $10 more I could get them both more storage. Let me tell you, they loved the gift and thought it was the best of all time. I've decided this is the gift I will buy for all birthdays and holidays this year!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The best product name on the market,no doubt about it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is just perfect for my 7 year old nothing fancy, parental control is a bit confusing but i got it now, the case is perfect to keep it.safe just get a sd card for extra memory	Apple Airpods Headphones
I gave it away. It was too nice for me. The person I gave it to was gleeful.	Lightning Charging Cable
"Here are my pros and cons thus far.PRO:Perfect size for Ebooks, and web surfing to alleviate strain on the eyes from my 5"" phone displaynice sturdy casing that gives it a nice heft but still weighs in as one of the lighter tablets on the marketChild Accounts- Amazon allows you to set up this tablet with age restricted access for kids making this a low cost piece of tech that is perfect for school kids and allows mom and dad to ration the amount of time lil Johnny can play Clash of Clans and how much he can hit the ol' Visa card for.Battery life thus far; wife was on it for about 5 hours last night and battery was at about 46%Kindle Integration -this goes without saying but having my ebooks and audible books synced to the tablet is awesome and my Kindle books look great"	Wired Headphones
I purchased this tablet a week ago as a gift for my brother and it has restarted itself over ten times and has shut off while someone was on in on different occasions Will be getting my money back and getting a samsung..	LG Dryer
Well made and profrssional looking. Operating manual clear and complete.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought two of these for two of my children. The parental controls are great and I can easily control their access to content. The ability to make them do something educational like read for 30 min before playing games is awesome. This tablet does everything I wanted it to do.	Wired Headphones
Can't really give a full review since the Kindle Fire seemed to work properly, however, the security, Webroot Anywhere, that was included was impossible to install. I tried calling Geek Squad 4 times for support and was disconnected EVERY time. I finally went to store for instructions which they printed off but still would not download. I've ended up buying an iPad which is fantastic and would not buy again from BestBuy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Brought for my daughter and she loves it. Wish it had more Google stuff on it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I like the size of this tablet. I have small hands and it fits. Needs to have a cover a little slippery. Easier to handle than my iPad	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a replacement for another kindle. They are very durable and do everything I need them to do.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Cons:Isn't compatible with some of my Google apps that I use daily.Does not operate the latest Facebook updates.Camera image quality is poor.Pros:Smooth interface, user friendly.Good battery life.Supports kids' separate profiles so that it may be shared by family members.Easily syncs with other devices.	Wired Headphones
Bought it for my wife and I haven't heard any complaints, so I think it's great. If she's happy I'm happy	Flatscreen TV
Paired this with a Bluetooth keyboard and now I have a very mini laptop. I also have a first generation kindle and even that one still works perfectly (my daughter uses it)	27in FHD Monitor
I was hoping to find something universal to as a tablet but you get what you pay for.	Wired Headphones
This tablet is quad core CPU and has plenty of space for you to download more apps.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The tablet works great when the battery is charged. The problem we have is the provided charging cable connector does not seat well into the tablet's micro USB port and does not have a solid electrical connection. Therefore, most of the time the tablet sits useless with a dead battery.	Flatscreen TV
Tablet is nice for simple use and is slim and light, good for browsing through emails and watching videos, tablet is a bit small for gaming but it will do everything else excellent.	Wired Headphones
Personally I'd say buy the newer 6 inch fire. But you do get more for your money getting the older one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Will buy this product at this price range again if needed.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great tablet, so affordable and an awesome service!	Wired Headphones
The best Kindle I have ever used. It does everything.	Lightning Charging Cable
Kindle fire is a good product. I am happy with my purchase. The only difficulty was buying books. It was difficult to understand initially.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9	Macbook Pro Laptop
The Apple Watch is great. I am very happy with the purchase.	20in Monitor
I am using it for my 3 year old and she loves it..	Wired Headphones
I bought it for my fianc and he can't get enough of it. Awesome purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the functionality of this Amazon Tablet. Bought one for me and one for the hubby! Daughter is the next one to get one!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the functionality of this Amazon Tablet. Bought one for me and one for the hubby!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Amazon Fire tablet, I bought this all the while knowing that people had negative reviews... But honestly I don't know what they did to theirs because mines doesn't have any issues... I've had mines for over a month and still working perfectly like I just bought it yesterday...	iPhone
Bought the Amazon Fire tablet and love it. Beyond my expectations. Great value for the money. So happy I made the purchase.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for my mother as a gift. She absolutely loves it. She was wanting a small, cheap tablet and this fit her needs.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My son love this and it's his favorite piece of technology so far.	iPhone
I upgraded to have more memory and this is a great little tablet. Works great and does everything I need it to do.	Wired Headphones
My kids love them. Able to do so many things with it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage.  Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought one of the first Macs in the 80s. I've had 'too many to count since then.' I am an early adopter, by nature. This has been true of Amazon's Kindle product as well having owned the First Generation Kindle, K2, K3 and now the K Touch. Love the reader. And I love this case as well. I hear all of these complaints that this leather case looks cheap or doesn't have a closure, or it's too slippery. PLEASE. I find it to be a PERFECT fit for the Kindle Touch. The unit snaps in a la DoDo Case -- which is such a great product for iPad. Very similar design only on a much smaller scale, obviously. The leather is not an issue for me. I do NOT find it to be too slippery at all unless, perhaps, your hands are covered in oil This is a first class cover for a first class e-reader. And NO. I do not work for Amazon. I'm just a HUGE Kindle fan.	20in Monitor
Overall it's a nice looking cover and does it's job well. It's simple, elegant and slick. When I say slick, I don't necessarily mean cleverly devised, I mean slippery. The smooth leather provides next to no grip on the cover. I have a tendency to hold things lightly, so I can just imagine this repeatedly slipping out of my hand. Sure it doesn't have a band/clasp/etc to keep it closed, but neither did Kindle 2's cover, and neither does nearly every book ever published.It's too expensive. I don't understand why Amazon is charging so much considering they'll be offering another cover with additional functionality for half the price (AmazonBasics Leather Folio Cover with Multi-Angle Adjustable Stand for Kindle Touch, Kindle (Black)). What the heckPros:PrettyFunctionalCons:SlipperyExpensive	27in FHD Monitor
So in reading the reviews before I got this cover I was quite worried... lots of people reported it feeling cheap, flimsy, overpriced etc. I was so concerned in fact I tried to cancel my order. I'm glad I wasn't able to.It is perhaps not what people expect- the leather is not soft, but is rather pressed and almost polished. However, this cover does NOT feel cheap to me. It is stylish, super light, and fits the kindle without those annoying elastic loops or hooks on the corners. It fits within a rubberized groove on the cover, which not only gives it a very tight and secure fit, it also adds protection to the corners of the device and cover. It also feels quite secure in the hand.So, to sum up: Light, secure, well made and unobtrusive. The 40 price tag could be debated, but I actually don't find it to be overpriced. I'm quite happy with it!	Flatscreen TV
I don't want to get too negative on this, because it does what it's supposed to. However, I'm not sure how Amazon justifies charging 40! Half that and I'd feel a lot less disappointed. It's nothing like the last generation cover, which was hefty and substantial. That thing could take a beating! This one Umm...not so much.PROS:- I really like the solution Amazon came up with to lock the Kindle in place sort of a rubberized cup that grips it on all four sides and holds it VERY securely. No more metal-prong slide-release gizmo.- It looks quite nice and is genuine (if untextured) leather like the last one.CONS:- Flimsy. The leather is extremely thin and unpadded. Won't stand up to much abuse. scrape it even lightly on a rough surface and you'll likely ruin it.- The actual cover that folds over the front is incredibly floppy and delicate -- it's about the thickness of a piece of notepad cardboard. I could bend it in half with almost no effort, if I had the notion.- Cover has no lock/closure mechanism (like the elastic strap on the last gen model). It should have SOMETHING.Oh, well. It is what it is. I never read with the Kindle in the case anyway so it's not such a big deal to me, but I was expecting more. Especially for this price!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Touch cover from Amazon has some good and some bad properties.On the good side, it's very light: at 4 oz it is noticeably lighter than the previous generation of covers. My Kindle Touch fits in very snugly with no wasted space.On the negative side, it looks and feels rather plasticky. I ordered the plain black version and the front and back outer covers are a shiny black leather. At first I thought the back exterior was simply black plastic, and it took a close examination to realize it is the same leather as the front cover. The front inner cover is a soft felt. The inner body where the Kindle sits is plastic. There is no fastener or band to hold the cover closed.This is my fourth Kindle and cover. The Touch cover looks much more like a gadget cover than the earlier ones. It looks rather like an old Palm PDA cover I had, or like some ipod covers. The previous Kindle covers had a textured leather appearance and they looked more like book or notebook covers.Right now I am having rather mixed reactions. I definitely like the fact that it adds so little weight to the Kindle. However it does look rather cheap. For 40 I was expecting a little more.I think I am going to have to use this for a while before reaching a final conclusion.Update November 29th: Tastes will vary, but in the end I decided that this was not the right look or feel for me and I have switched to a different cover (the Splash SAFARI). That is similar to the old Kindle 3 cover, with a textured leather appearance and an elastic fastener strap.	Wired Headphones
Okay, so I have been debating for days on whether to rate this thing 3 or 4 stars, and I still want to rate it 3 and a half, but I have settled for 4 stars. Here is why.PROSThe only real reason I wanted this case over the others is because every other case holds the Kindle in with straps around the edges, and this is the only case that holds the Kindle in while letting you see the whole front side. It holds it in perfectly, neither feeling loose or too tight to get it out. The black leather is genuine leather and smells nice, and while the front cover is very thin (if you tap on it you get a hollow drum sound, and it can be bent without much effort) it takes mild amounts of abuse without a problem. Also, the flap folds back perfectly and when you are reading, you hardly notice the Kindle has a case on.CONSMy main complaint is the quality of the leather. If you compare this to the case for the Kindle 3 (keyboard) the leather is a little thinner but much less durable. I sometimes lightly hold my Kindle between my teeth when I run out of hands, and after a week I can still see my tooth marks (whereas on the K3 case I couldn't). Also, even a mild scratch will either take several days to disappear. UPDATE: Most scratches will mostly disappear so its not as big a problem as I originally thought.The only other complaint is of course the lack of anything to hold the cover closed, but this has actually not been much of a problem for me. Quite often I like to frisbee toss my Kindle onto a nearby soft surface (like carpet or a pillow or bed) and I was afraid the cover would flap open every time, but 10 times out of the 11 I tried it stayed shut just fine.Read more	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased two of these tablet a pink and blue. They was for my 5 and 7 years children. They really love their tablets. Yes, it was a birthday gift.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was perfect for entertaining my 20-month old great grandson during car trips, shopping and bedtime.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Need to definitely get a memory card. Not enough memory to hold kids apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
Just what she needed to keep her interested in short games & letters	USB-C Charging Cable
i would not change any thing on it at all it works very good	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a good tablet for children and adults too. However there is an issue with the port and charger cable. We did not even have this tablet 3 weeks before it would barley charge. Took it back to best buy and they said they could not fox it, and imagine the port is not covered under the manufacturer warranty. So now I have a tablet that takes a couple days to charge. Its really frustrating.	Lightning Charging Cable
The only draw back to this device is no internet service included. My 1 year old granddaugther loves hers and I don't leave home without it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a decent tablet for a really good price. it has lots of pre-installed apps, which only a couple are used by my son. He loves taking and editing videos, so the front and rear cameras are essential. Its a nice tablet overall, and I'm sure he and I will like it more once it is completely set up the way we want it.	ThinkPad Laptop
The protective rubber guard works so well. Easy parental controls	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to use meet standards my kids really enjoyed it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a good product and also you can be monitoring what can your kids see	USB-C Charging Cable
Initially we purchased the Kids Kindle Fire for our 3 year old. The parental controls and time limitations are super easy to set up. We have a Samsung Galaxy tablet that our 9 year old son uses, but we ended up getting a second Fire for him because it seemed very kid-friendly and I didn't have to worry about any inappropriate content popping up. Lots of good educational apps and games.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good kids tablet for games and videos but the charger is pretty annoying.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son is 18 months and this kids him nice and quiet	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use. Great for kids. Great for mom when kids steal mom's phone. Lightweight. Great protective case. But it gets really dirty, real quick.	USB-C Charging Cable
Not a lot of memory, dies fast. Great games........	Lightning Charging Cable
He loves his kindle takes it everywhere. does school work on it plus plays games Excellent piece of equipment.	27in FHD Monitor
This is an excellent product for kids. There are lots of games, books (including interactive ones) and cartoons. I also like you can set a time limit for how long you want your child to play or use the Fire. The only downfall is the charger cable sucks.	27in FHD Monitor
My grandson loved this. He is 4 and it was perfect.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet has been very satisfactory in functionality. Good cushioning on the outer case (better than another tablet I had purchased previously), still pictures & video are pretty good. No problems with accounts, parental controls & wireless connection. Overall a good tablet for kids.	ThinkPad Laptop
It's the perfect tablet for a kid to watch cartoons and play games. The protection is awesome!	27in FHD Monitor
Love the case it helps the tablet be safe so the screen doesnt break to easy	Lightning Charging Cable
Goog tablet the only bad part is that you have to be creating a profile and thats where it gets complicated because when they sell u the tablet they saw its for kids	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for a 2 year old. She loves it! She's already got more things figured out on it than I do!. Good educational programs and some fun ones too!	Macbook Pro Laptop
My 3yr. old loves this tablet. Easy for her to use. She watches videos plays games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My grand daughter loved it. She plays with it all the time.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This product is a great learning tool for my 4yr old toddler. It's has the option for kid mode or regular tablet mode.	Wired Headphones
the product is working perfectly and the service was greatThank you	Wired Headphones
its a great great gift that can be used by everyone	Flatscreen TV
I bought the Tablet for my grandson for Christmas. It was the best investment that I have made in all time. He is learning so much that he can't put it down. As a matter of fact, he sleeps this it just about every night.	20in Monitor
My daughter loves it we like that it has a worry free gaurantee and parental controls it was	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice sturdy case. Good way to start children on tablets.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the parental controls and more storage than previous models, but still seems to run out.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this as a gift for my elementary school aged niece. She immediately put it to work playing games and watching video. Her face lit up and in the nearly two months since I purchased it for her, she's had no problems!	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for toddlersEasy to carryEasy to download	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased one for my older son last year....Got this second d one for the younger one so they don't fight over them.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great Christmas gift for my son. Best tablet ever.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was easy to setup and easy to hand over to my 4 yr old. She loves the different games and apps that are available to her.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This a great tablet for a child. Fully functional Amazon fire tablet with a special GUI just for the little ones . Plus a 2 year warranty no matter what happens to it. Definitely worth it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son love it. He watch his favorite cartoon shows and love to read books	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves it and so does my son and wife too.	Google Phone
I like the fact that it comes w/a case. It's easy for the child to operate, instructions are clear.	Wired Headphones
Really good for KIDS use kids lock so they don't see what the don't suppose to see love this	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for my 7 year old she loves it!!! Great price and great product!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
A bargain for the price especially for the coverage of the warranty. A gift for my 4 year old granddaughter. Things can happen to it. She absolutely loves it and pretty easy to use!	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas. She absolutely loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for my kids and I am able to have parental control over all of them, put a time limit on play time, they each have their own apps, games and books that are appropriate for their age. My kids love it and they are learning! With this kids edition I get 1 free year of all kids appropriate app,games,videos and books!	Apple Airpods Headphones
My daugther used to have a leap frog tablet, but when it started to have battery issues I went to the store and found out that they no longer produced the tablet, so best buy gave me store credit and they recomended me this tablet. My daugther loves it and so do I. On kidz mode I can rest assured that she is only going to see kids safe content like interactive book, games and apps. On tablet mode she can watch movies with the SD card slot which can go all they way to 128GB!I put a 32 GB which help us on our loooong christmas trip...	USB-C Charging Cable
Works great. Easy to set time limits and goals. Easy to set up multiple profiles. Excellent product. As advertised.	ThinkPad Laptop
This washer and dryer is very basic but still nice with lots of options. Great for my small family. Worth the money!	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet for kids with lot of good contents and Amazon's 2 year No-Questions asked warranty along with a free one year subscription for contents made it even better. Parental control on this is great, both us as parents and my son love this device. The only drawback I see is that the charging cable is very small length that it's hard to charge it without putting it on top of something to reach to a regular height outlet.	Wired Headphones
My children love it. Los of different things they can do to learn	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The charging plugs on these kindle damage way to easy. I am very disappointed as this is not the first time this has happened to one of my kindles.	Wired Headphones
My daughter loves this tablet. She drops it and it keeps going. she can't put it down.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Thought this would be too advanced for my 3 year old, but she loves it. Easy for her to navigate and learn patience. Games, books and apps are great for the age range. Parental controls have kept her honest.	Lightning Charging Cable
Thought this would be too bland for an 8 year old, but he loves it. Games, books and apps are great for the age range. Parental controls have kept him honest.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my 4 year old granddaughter. She loves it and now thinks its great since she has her own computer she says.	27in FHD Monitor
Easy to use. Grandaughter was thrilled!!!!!!!!!!!1	iPhone
My grand daughter loves it and so do her parents! Very durable. I'd highly recommend this product	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was the perfect gift for grandkids. I bought one in pink and one in green so each grandchild would have their own color. Lots of games come with the tablet and additional games and videos can be added.	iPhone
At first I wanted to return this product, I bought it for my 2 yr old. I decided to keep it bc my husband liked it and of course my daughter likes it. I dnt like the fact you cant use the audible app on the kids version. I also bought it so my daughter could be independent, as far as the books none of them are read aloud. She came maneuver the games and movies tho. Its an ok product tho, I love Amazon. My daughter still likes my Samsung Tab better. Would recommend for older kids.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this as a replacement. My daughter cracked the screen on her other one right before Christmas. We love it! Only issues we have is something she does will make it so only half the apps/games show. However we like she can only play safe age appropriate games and don't have to worry when she's on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter hasn't put it down since Christmas. We're both in love! It's very easy for her to operate (she's 2) and very easy to set up. It's a win win for both parent and child.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my 5 yr old granddaughter. She loves it. It has many games and other games can be downloaded. She is also able to watch videos and mom can set parental controls to limit time and usage.	Wired Headphones
Durable , worth every penny, got it for our 2 year old daughter , amazed how easily she can navigate it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for toddlers. Easy yet fun. I purchased two tablets for my grandkids, ages 2 and 4. They both love it and enjoy playing with it.	20in Monitor
Needed a tough little tablet for my grandson. Had it a couple of months and has held up very well.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The Screen resolution is great and I like the built-in case	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this for my 3 year old grandson and he loves it good learning tool along with great fun for him!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Overall I wasn't too impressed with his tablet. Actually returned it for an iPad mini bc my kid like it better and it was easier to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a great set up for kids, my daughter loves it and plays it all the time.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for my kid, because it is tailored for kids. They liked it and it worked.	Wired Headphones
These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my 3 year old and he loves it! Very easy to use and setup.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is safe .. love the thick case & its fun fir my kids	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves it he's only 3 understands how to use it and I can see it has helped him learn word animals and etc.. it's a very good way to keep the brain moving and active.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is great for any child. Love the parental control and way it holds up. Definitely recommend	Wired Headphones
As this product is made for children most would already assume that it is durable but I will go one step further and elaborate that my girlfriends 2 year old has dropped this multiple times onto concrete and the case has done its job and kept the Kindle intact. I am very happy with this purchase as is the child. Not to heavy and she can hold it with no problem.	ThinkPad Laptop
I am very happy with this purchase. Keeps my grandsons entertained. Easy to set up and use.	Vareebadd Phone
Good tablet for young kids. Battery life could be better	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son washed it twice! Throw it a few times and it's still ticking.	ThinkPad Laptop
It's all the great features of the Fire but with added bonuses for the kids. The app for the kids is great and the case has held up to our two year old thus far.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet has many educational games for a preschooler.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
He figured it out in no time. Be sure to combine all non-child approved apps into a folder. My only complaint is the 1 year free Amazon Freetime doesn't work without an internet connection. Not everyone has home wifi. Anyway, that's my only complaint.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Picked this up for my two year old granddaughter. She loves it and its the first thing she picks up to play with. She can play a lot of the age appropriate games and can navigate around really easily. I even use it sometimes!	Wired Headphones
my son loves it. I have bought him tablets before but he never liked them as much. this one is easier to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my grandkids ages 2 and 4. They love it! It's easy and fun to use for toddlers. It's perfect for the educational games they enjoy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this tablet for my daughter who was turning 2 - but also because we were taking an 8 hour road trip and wanted her to be occupied. The games are very toddler user friendly and when she gets mad and throws it, it doesn't effect the tablet. My only issue is that the charger doesn't stay secure in the charger spot (sorry I don't know the technical terms haha) so sometimes I will think it is charging and in fact it is not. I recommend buying the warranty for issues like that.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use great cover and a lot of options for app games. My daughter loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
My son loves his tablet! It's easy for him to use and he enjoys all the games that come with it. No problem with the storage or speed of apps. I previously bought him the Samsung tablet and when that broke it was difficult to get it fixed. I like that Amazon gives you a two year warranty.	27in FHD Monitor
My kids love this product, as do I. Parental restrictions can be set and they know when they have to shut them off. Good battery life too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for destructive toddlers. My son has dropped and thrown it several times and it still works!...	Lightning Charging Cable
The grandson likes the learning games that are on the tablet. You can see the progress in his learning from the time he has used it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great-----------------------------------------------	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My 5 year old son loves his kindle. He can fully work it himself. We love all the he age appropriate games, learning apps, and books. The case is great for all those accidentally drops.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought it on a bunch and we're very pleased with the ease of use and the way our granddaughter was motivated to use it.	Google Phone
This has kept my kids entertained, but maybe just a little too entertained. Sadly, they don't want to do much else	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like that this tablet can grow with my 5 year old. I love the various age settings and the parental controls. Perfect first tablet!	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter loves this tablet. She can navigate through the apps with ease.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this for my daughter, and she loves it! I love the user friendly parental controls!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son is 4 and he loves it. Super easy to use for kids.	Lightning Charging Cable
My son is 3 and he loves it so easy to use. It's great.	Wired Headphones
This is the best child's tablet and some adults like me can benefit from the warranty and matched case	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is the second kindle my daughter has been using and its been good.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
returning for a replacement. It got wet and quite working for a child's device it should be better made.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for alittle ones for games and movies picture not so clear but not expensive	Flatscreen TV
Son loves it........................................	Google Phone
Very easy to set up with an Amazon prime account. Haven't had to pay anything, great for small kids. Like the protective cover that goes on this device	ThinkPad Laptop
My 3 year old destroyed an iPad mini. This thing has held up through drops, throws , and sticky fingers. Awesome investment for road trips.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for ky 3 year old and she loves it. She has dropped it a fews times, once outside and it just bounced. I also love that I can set restrictions on play time, I can have it where this is no play time until a certain number of minutes of reading time has been completed. I don't have set times of the day that she can even get on it	Wired Headphones
"My grandson needed a new tablet. He had a Nabi for the last two years and had reached it's limit regarding storage. I found this tablet and decided I was the perfect choice because of the great price, memory, and it comes with a ""kid proof"" case."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids loved and i very happy for this tablet. Thanks	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's a lovely game for kids wolf my daughter have one and I love it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The setup was super easy, the rugged case is awesome, and the selection of books, games, and movies v for the kids is fantastic! The two year no questions warranty makes it even better!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The kids love it and are always on it. Would recommend to anyone.	Flatscreen TV
My daughter loves this tablet hard to get her to put it down. Strong battery and a full tablet for her as she ages	iPhone
I bought this tablet because it was very inexpensive and the right size and fit for my daughter...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet overall is nice a little laggy simply because we're avid Apple users however the games that's are free in the free time area are amazing the way that Amazon takes measures to keep the kids safe is like non other I'd definitely recommend this product just if you're used to Apple it will take some getting used to.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use for my kids, and they really enjoy using it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all...	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter has been wanting one for quite sometime! I love the durability, and that I can set limits to what she does!!	Google Phone
Easy to maneuver. And great case for protection. The battery does not keep a charge long but I'm used to the iPad.	Google Phone
My son loves his tablet. He proudly proclaims to everyone he meets to check out his cool tablet. He especially loves the Freetime app.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is one of the best kids tablets I have purchased. It's not as restricted and complicated to operate as other tablets I have tested.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
i always buy from best buy. they have excellent products.The workers are very knowledgeable of what they sell.Thanks	Lightning Charging Cable
Pros: a lot of things for kids to do from apps to watching movie and playing games. Cons: like most androids it tends to freeze.	Wired Headphones
I love this Fire for kids. It even comes with the bumper cover. Great buy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We love the free time feature. Definitely going to end up subscribing after the free year trial is up. Our 2 year old loves it and we can control how long she's on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is really very comfortable and easy as well as strong for toddler my baby really enjoy using this amazon fire kids	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter love it she don't really brother me it keep her so busy	Flatscreen TV
Tablet works well for a kid, easy for our almost 4 year old to navigate between activities. Hard to beat with the case and 2 year warranty.	USB-C Charging Cable
My 6 and 4 year old boys love it and so do the parents	Wired Headphones
It's get for my 6 and 4 year old boys, and they love them	Apple Airpods Headphones
My Grandson uses this just about every night. It was a great purchase and we're glad we made it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent tablet.....withstands a special needs Grandson.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This device provides necessary app and is extremely user friendly.	Wired Headphones
Bought for 4yr old, so older kids would stop saying don't touch that. Comes with durable child case. Large enough to see and hold, but small enough to carry. Easy to use and can download favorite stuff.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
my son loves his tablet! best if you buy some amazon gift credit for some games and apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My 4 year old loves it. The amazon free time is great a lot of apps free for a small yearly fee.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is a great tablet for kids. Its got great parental controls and its easy for the kids to use. I even enjoy playing angry birds on it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Love it for my boys! We received the 6"" Kids Edition for Christmas last year. The screen cracked a month ago and Amazon promptly replaced the device without incident. Great 2 yr replacement plan! Shortly after that, my older son who previously used a Nook finally broke. I decided since younger brother had a Kids Kindle, that we would purchase a second one to replace the Barnes and Nobles Nook. I love the fact that I can control what is on his profile. I love that it uses a micro usb charger and the warranty was the biggest selling feature. My boys are 5 and 7 and they are not very careful sometimes. My son did however get a kindle with a Pink case because it was all that Best Buy had in stock. I wish that cases were cheaper and I would gladly replace it. Best tablet for this age and in this price range.Cons: No google play store, slow sometimes, have to re-download apps frequently when running out of space, lack of popular apps."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My son loves it. Easy set up. And the best part is the case. It really is childproof. My son has dropped it and nothing had happened. Very durable. Just what my son needed.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet has served it's purpose, it keeps my little one entertained with age appropriate sites and apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
my son loves it, is on it all the time, loves all the games. always trying to download all things all the time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Simple to use and setup for a 2 years old toddler.	Apple Airpods Headphones
for the price you cant beat this, my daughter loves it and wont put it down and the protective case def helps when it is dropped trust me , cannot go wrong with a kindle for this price	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My children loved it, and it is great learning tool.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My nephew love it. He uses it every day thank you.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My kids love these. I purchased 3 of them at one time. They seem really durable.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This product is well thoughts the kids seem to like the apps	Wired Headphones
"I bought this item for my 9 year old granddaughter. She is thrilled with it. Her only disappointment is that she is unable to access the ""Musicality"" app."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Tablet is great! I bought it for my 6 year old daughter again (first one finally got the screen cracked) for Christmas and she and i love it. It has all the features you would expect from an android tablet but with nice parenting aspects to keep the kids where they should be.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the apps. His old fire stood up to significant wear/tear and drops. So I'm expecting the same with this one. 2 year warranty gives piece of mind.	iPhone
The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.	Lightning Charging Cable
Just purchased as a Christmas gift for my glambaby & she loves it !!!! Very nice case for little clumsy & at times rough hands!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
They both love it! And, play or read all they can.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The color is what got me and the features was on point. The screen shows a lot of different displays. To share for now until the next one.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'm a big fan of Amazon and their products, but this tablet is just ok. The build quality is great and the image is very good, but the software is mediocre at best. Worth the price.	27in FHD Monitor
"We bought this for our 7 and 4 year old. The kids love it and it is simple to use. The ""kids"" profile makes it safe and easy to use and we can limit time of use. We can switch to our profile to watch Netflix or use other apps if we want. Comes with a great warranty and device protector. We're very happy with the Amazon Fire Tablet."	Lightning Charging Cable
This met my expectations and more. My granddaughter loves it. It's user friendly and has unlimited options for her. Would recommend to everyone!	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this for my toddler and its perfect. He is rough with it and it still works. I wanted something that I use to teach him the basics of using a tablet and this worked great. It comes with a 2 yrs warranty.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is the best tablet I've ever purchased. The screen is amazing and very functional and the kid mode is easy to get to and my 5 year old loves it makes me jealous and want to get a kindle but that's ok I can use parent most while he's sleeping. All over a really good tablet for both parent and child	Apple Airpods Headphones
It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.	Lightning Charging Cable
I own 3 Kindles. They are my favorite hand held technology so it was an easy decision to buy my great niece one for her birthday. The case helps make it even more sturdy so it can stand up to being dropped more often than an adult would. It's easy to use and she loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's perfect, my granddaughter loves it!! She's catching on so fast and learning so much!! Easy for travel and on the go	iPhone
i think the price is great the durability the easiness although you do need to spend money as well for extra better games and the charger breaks easily but u can use any android charger overall well worth the price i believe	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves her kindle. I swapped out the case for one with a handle so she can carry it but it's perfect for her	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my 3 year old son. He plays with it every now and then but it's good for introducing him to educational things. Glitchy at times but that's to be expected with how much it cost.	USB-C Charging Cable
My 4 year old loves it. Easy to function and pretty tough, it has been dropped a few times and did not crack or break.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to set up and durable design. Free time is a great feature, taking parental control to the next level. The screen resolution and camera are amazing.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids love this and I love the fact that it is under $100 with warranty for 2 years added on. Best Buy has the geek squad that assists with repairs so that you don't have to ship it out. I also like the fact that it comes charged because come on lets be real, once the kids get it they want to use it right away.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is great for learning for little kids. Easy set up. in about a hours time my 3 yrs grandson new how to navigate through the whole system. Well made for kids in mind.	USB-C Charging Cable
4 year old grand daughter loves it. Good size for her and easy to operate.	Wired Headphones
Great choice, battery life outstanding, many kid friendly features.	Vareebadd Phone
Purchased for an3 year old that wanted this badly. Appears to be rugged. Links up with my amazon account for content and access. 2 year warranty. Win!!!	Macbook Pro Laptop
This was a gift for my kids. They love them. Easy to use and lots of great apps!	27in FHD Monitor
My kids love their tablets. They play games and take pictures.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We purchased this Amazon Fire - Kids Edition for my 3 year-old granddaughter. Could not have made a better choice! She was up and running in no time and absolutely loves it.In fact, when my wife (who has an older model Fire tablet) started playing with it, she was so impressed with its capabilities that she now wants one for herself.Very pleased with our purchase!	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter got this tablet for Christmas and is very happy with it. The parental controls are awesome and make me feel safe as a parent. Only complaint is that is doesn't come with set up instructions.	USB-C Charging Cable
I did read about the game prior to buying it but so far the game is only half decent. Too much of the same thing.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy setup...bought this for 2 grandchildren under 5...they love it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its worth every penny. The kids loved it our home is quieter then ever.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for kids very entertaining and informative for kids learning	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This amazon tablet is perfect for first time users. Easy to operate even for a 3 year old.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet has been working fine, I would prefer instructions on the PC to explain how to do things versus on the tablet itself, but my older son is able to figure out how to do things and my 7 year old daughter (who got the tablet) seems to be navigating around fairly easily, so I am satisfied so far.	USB-C Charging Cable
Battery doesn't last the up to 7 hours estimate. Didn't even last 4 hours one day. Watches video mostly but should last longer than that.	USB-C Charging Cable
Our grand kids really love this tablet and it has a lot of app options.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Seemed to be fine as Chtistmas gift for granddaughter. However, today she reported that it wouldn't turn on or charge today. Supposed to have two year unconditional guarantee. Don't know where to take it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for my 4 year old to play. It was not as user friendly as described and VERY slow. It keeps pausing and freezing up, which is frustrating for anyone using it. I was told that I would receive 20 off of the prime subscription, however, that was not offered when registering this product. It may be good for some, but it was not a good fit for us.	ThinkPad Laptop
This kindle is very slow at recharging. Granddaughter has a hard time waiting for it to charge.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the fourth one of these that I have purchased. My grand children love them. Between the one year of programming and the two years of warranty, I don't think there is a better tablet on the market for children. Excellent product and it works very well with the children at what ever level they are at.	Wired Headphones
She loves it. She is 20 months old and already has command of it. Micky and Minnie rule it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Really great love tge tablet really easy for my daughter, learning! I do wish it had more storage, and more items for kids. But we do love the tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my granddaughter and she absolutely loved it!!	iPhone
This was a Christmas present for my niece, she loved it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
this was a christmas present, for the nephew works good, he loves it	USB-C Charging Cable
I love these Tablets, but the charging ports aren't the best. I bought 3 for Christmas and my kids take excellent care of them. I also do NOT them touch the tablets while they are charging. They have only had their tablets since Christmas day and they won't charge. I highly recommend getting the protection warranty for this item.	Lightning Charging Cable
My granddaughters love the Kid Kindles that they received for Christmas!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My 2 1/2 year old loves this. He can't break it with the thick rubber case, and we can control the games he plays, and how long he plays. Great mix of educational and fun items. The only problem is the charging cord is a bit too easy to break. If they pull it off the charger, it makes the port loose and you have to get the right angle for it to charge.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great learning tool and tough exterior makes it the PERFECT gift for a three year old.	Flatscreen TV
My daughter loves her tablet I love free time love the case it came with just right to buy for a kids first tablet	Flatscreen TV
Great for kids its durable and lets them play games etc.. so they leave our cell phones alone LOL	Wired Headphones
This tablet was an upgrade from the Nabi Jr for my 4 year old and she really enjoys it. There are so many apps/books/videos and it entertains her much more. The only thing i would recommend is getting an additional storage product since there isnt much internally.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 50 of these to use in a school education program. The workers at Best Buy assured me the apps I needed them to run would work fine. Unfortunately I was not aware that Amazon has it's own app store unrelated to Apple and GogglePlay. Make sure whatever apps you want to run are also available on the Amazone app store as not all are. Specifically they block anything related to Goggle. Other than that the tablet is great and is a great price and really nice case.	Wired Headphones
We love this , so many apps that you can download for free easy to maneuver she will be able to grow with this	iPhone
Got one for my son and hasn't put it down. Well till the timer shuts it off. He is 5 and loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got it for my daughter for her 5th birthday. She enjoys it slot and I enjoy the time limit. So win win.	USB-C Charging Cable
My 3 year old has gone through 2 tablets prior to her kids fire. I love the parental control and easy use. She loves the apps available through Prime! She drops it daily with no damage to the tablet thanks to the protective case! Thanks for making a very durable product with an incredible warranty!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
He loves being on it and all the freebies that came with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a good entry tablet for toddlers. I like the Amazon exchange policy if it breaks.	Wired Headphones
My kid love this tablet!! The setup was so easy, and the amazon store has a bunch of educational apps! That my kid can enjoy playing and learning!!	ThinkPad Laptop
"My kids have grown up with technology in the house and their original tablets have started to become outdated. We have since switched to these fire tablets to help extend their gaming. While if they have never had a tablet before the speeds are OK but Im afraid the processing power of these ""kids"" versions might lag over a short amount of time and they will just become a picture viewer. Time will only tell."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is very easy to use i bought it for my nephew and he's only 4 years old and he love it	Google Phone
My daughter loves playing with this. There are so many features, that it keeps her busy.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great price great product would recommend this gift	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good deal from Black Friday sales and will make a very good Christmas gift. Kids edition excellent with the rubber bumper case which provides pretty good protection.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very easy to use by a 2 year old. Love how I can limit the time use.	Wired Headphones
Nice product . Love the fact that my 5 years sons are gaining computer experiance.	LG Dryer
My 5 year old sons love it , Seems to be well made .	Lightning Charging Cable
Great..I love it..Glad I got it..My nephew loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great.I love it..Im glad I got it..My nephew loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great gift for the price. Brought for 2 year old grandson.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is great, my daughters first tablet and it came with everything she needed to get started. She loves the pink bumper guard and so do I for the safety.	USB-C Charging Cable
My newphew loves it! He's 4 years old and can easily use the tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My grandson loves it. Will be getting another one.	ThinkPad Laptop
My wife and I bought this for my 3 year old daughter to help keep her entertained during car rides, etc.. well now she is completed addicted to it. I guess like many kids get addicted to their electronics. We just set limits to how often and when she can use it. There are also educational games and apps you can down load that help them to learn and prepare for school. My daughter loves playing these games also. Overall a great purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
Our 5 year old grandson loved it. Bought it for him to play educational games on.	Google Phone
I'll give it 3 starts because it's a decent tablet. But if the screen messes up when I'm trying to use it i can't imagine how my granddaughter feels.	Lightning Charging Cable
Its pretty good for the price, my only concern is the quality of the picture, not an hd one, my daughter complain when shes taking pics.	Lightning Charging Cable
Like it better then the nabi jr. More like a real tablet. Actually it is with the extra protective case	Wired Headphones
My son thoroughly enjoys having this tablet, and I love the protective case that comes with it.	27in FHD Monitor
Not able to play youtube that's what my daughter likes.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is easy for little ones to use. Great beginner buy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet. It came loaded with a lot of good apps just for kids. Our daughter is 2 and she had no problem learning to navigate and use the apps. Also the case keeps the tablet protected and it's pretty tough with good grip. Well worth the money.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my 5 yr old grandson. Great buy for the price. He loves his new tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for little kids the case on it is amazing. My daughter loves it. Only thing I would change is the sound a little louder and screen a little bigger.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son is 3 years of age and he love the different types of learning programs this tablet has to offer	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My 3yr old just loves it keeps her occupied for hours	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great for the kids to play with and easy to monitor their time spent on it and the content they can access.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My grand children love kids tablets and play with them every day and their mother is using them to teach the kids	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this tablet. It's durable and my niece loves it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Device size and speed are more than adequate for an 8 year old. I love Freetime and the ability to set limits for weekdays and weekends so my grandson is able to play without my direct supervision. Apps and books are age appropriate. I may have to buy 2 more for the 4 year olds.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for kids. The bumper around the tablet has saved it several times. I might buy a larger screen tablet the next time around. The programs are easy to access and love the parental controls.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought two of these for both of my nieces birthdays and they were the hit of the party. Both love playing with them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my niece's 6th birthday, and it was her favorite gift. She really enjoys it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased the Amazon - Fire Kids Edition - 7 Tablet - 16gb for my 75 year old mother after she broke her old tablet by dropping it. It took her a few hours to get used to it. Now, I cannot separate her away from it because it entertains her in so many ways and best of all she can drop the tablet and it will still work.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Unfortunately my grandson has broken the glass somehow.	Flatscreen TV
I love this tablet. I got one for each one of the kids all different ages and they all love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandson love it. Works great. Applications are good for education purposes.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great camera for a beginner very easy to understand	27in FHD Monitor
Definitely a good learning tool for children. Easy	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased as a birthday gift for grandson and he LOVES it.	ThinkPad Laptop
I love this tablet i got it for my grandson and the minute he comes through the door he wants his tablet it keeps him busy	20in Monitor
My kids loved it, they were able to learn how to use it right away	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this for our 2 yr old granddaughter and she loves it! It has so many apps and videos for her to watch. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a tablet for a child.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awseome tablet for toddler. I would recommend this tablet for all age groups.	27in FHD Monitor
Good tablet for kids I would definitely recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
My granddaughter loves this tablet. Love the fact that it has a two year warranty against breakage and also comes with a free year of Amazon Free Time.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Needs to be more simpler. parental contorl still need to be better	iPhone
My 9 year old loves it. Good control options. Just need to figure out how to get the Web browser on her side.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
As an existing Amazon Prime member, this is a no brainer. Has all the parental controls and kids can have a decent tablet that is durable for use, at a good price.	Flatscreen TV
This tablet is a great option for a child as the padded case provides excellent drop protection. The Kindleized Android is very limiting though as you cannot stream to a Chromecast and many other things you can do with a regular Android tablet (Play Store). Space is also limited (even on the large version).	20in Monitor
This item is perfect for children and great for parents. It provides a sense of security that it will not be damaged the first week a child uses it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have to say this was not that great a purchase and we will most likely be taking advantage of it's greatest product feature, which is the ability to return it for a full refund. We wanted a smaller tablet for our kids, well this is smaller in every way, options are limited and we have realized that we are better off just letting the kids use our tablet so we can buy the newest one. This thing may go back to the store as soon as tonight.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great learning tool with extensive amounts of material to use. Accident proof bumper a big plus!	iPhone
My nephew loves his kindle. Durable structure that can withstand drops.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablet was a great fit for my 21 month old toddler. She is able to watch episodes of her favorite cartoons and play some of the apps with assistance. I like that she will be able to use the tablet for years to come just by updating to more age appropriate apps.	iPhone
The unit is well made and has tons of features for children six years and over. Was amazed at the low price and how easy it to handle even for a six year old!	USB-C Charging Cable
I enjoy it a lot for my son yeah I really enjoyed it and likes it a lot of different options	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is the 2nd one I have bought. The first one went out before the 1 year. I contacted Amazon and the warranty for these was only 90 days. It is a good tablet for kids, but if you are looking for something long term. I would spend the extra $$ for at least something that has a 1 year limited warranty.	27in FHD Monitor
It's an excellent learning tablet for a child. I would recommend that every parent that has a small child to get one.	ThinkPad Laptop
The grandkids love this tablet, easy for them to use	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great at home but still trying to figure out what apps work not connected to wifi	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet for my 3 year old son. I am able to monitor his screen time and assure that he is only playing kid friendly and educational games.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Did a lot of checking around and found this to be the best value.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my son and I don't like it. The touch screen is very poor quality. It's hard to move things around on it when he is playing a game. He prefers my iPad than to use his own. I know the iPad quality is probably the best quality but it's way under that! Very frustrating. Will be returning it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy for 3 year old to navigate. Like the adult to kid use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I'd suggest 8-12 is a good age for this tablet, it's a great starter tablet until your young one shows responsibility, care and proper use of electronics.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was a life saver on our recent cross country flight. It was nice not having to worry if my three year old was too rough with it, knowing it had a great Amazon warranty.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Grandson plays outside with it Love that it has the protected case Plays games with the other kids,	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
nice and easy-to-use for a 3 yr old ..............	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my one and two year old girls and I don't have any complaints! The battery life isn't great but I don't really mind that!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves this thing. He is always on it. Great learning tool and it keeps him entertained	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My toddler did not like this tablet. It was a bit slow for her. Instead, she preferred an iPad over the Kindle Kids version.	Wired Headphones
My son already had one just upgraded. But he loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This has a lot of great features for kids and for parents who want to protect them. My kids love having their own.	27in FHD Monitor
nice item, and cute. the tablet is difficult to navigate	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Only good for kids and games. Battery life is good.	USB-C Charging Cable
offers a lot for the price, good parental controls	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old grand daughter and she loves it.We set the parental controls for her age group, and now we don't have to worry about what she is doing on it. We downloaded her favorite disney movies onto it, and now she has her own little private movie theater. It also works great with our Amazon Fire TV and can watch a lot of her favorite kid shows. This is a great buy for the money and I recommend it to everyone.	27in FHD Monitor
It's a really good tablet for children good parental controls expandable up to 128 gigs I like that so it allowed me to download as many things for the children to utilize separate from the Internet all around is a good device	27in FHD Monitor
Great tablet for a toddler to start on! The parental controls can be fiddled with a little bit but good anyways!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I think the tablet is great it's plenty apps and books for children to read and interact with I also like the option that they don't just have books that you read yourself you can choose one that would read to you the tablet is just a good all-around Device it allows you to add additional apps that you would purchase separate to it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It was ok. You need Internet. The SDmini is a hassle.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My daughter absolutely loves her new tablet. And it does do everything I wanted it to do for her. The free year of Amazon Freetime is an awesome bonus!! The only problem I have with it is that whenever your wifi gets turned off and then back on, your apps on the kids profile have to load again almost as if they haven't been downloaded yet. This happens if the wifi strength gets weak also and it really frustrates my daughter who is 4 years old. I wish that could be fixed because other than that, the tablet is GREAT for my daughter and she has so much fun with it!! I'm sure other kids will love it also!!	ThinkPad Laptop
He loves it. He likes the camera and the apps, going to have to get one my granddaughter too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
we bought 3 of these for our kids and they love them these are the best tablets on the market they have great learning apps on them aswell	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Easy to hold, access to some free games - just be careful if you have 1-click payment option. My 3 year old charged $16 to my account in 3 days. Good news - I received emails about the purchases and was able to get help in stopping the process from happening too often. She loves the ""FIRE"""	iPhone
My son loves it. It does have some flaws though. When he closes an app and then tries to open it again sometimes it has to download all over again. Also, even though apps are supposed to work without wifi, apps will load up fine and then we receive an error message saying we have to download the app again although the app is running perfectly in the background without wifi. Eventually all apps will disappear from the screen until we get back to wifi and restart the tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's amazing! Best gift I've bought for my grand babies so far!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The kids couldn't wait to turn them on and I'm very excited.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Best Buy assistance helped in describing the features. and loved the product overall. Like parental control feature	iPhone
Perfect for my son! He has fine motor deficits and the games definitely help him work on using one finger at a time to play them! I also don't have to worry about him getting onto anything that isn't kid friendly since he doesn't know my passcode for the adult profile!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My daughter loves this! Expandable storage helps when we make our twice yearly drive to Texas and all the games and apps are definitely age appropriate so I don't have to worry about get getting onto anything she isn't supposed to be on!	Lightning Charging Cable
My granddaughter loves it. It was a perfect gift for her long airplane trip.	iPhone
Setup was extremely easy. Easy for grandchild to use. Only difficulty is with parental controls stopping connection with library.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Not very user friendly, in addition the camera exposure is not sharp enough. However a great tablet for a child to play with.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is very kid friendly. You log on the tablet and the kids is having fun...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids really enjoyed this tablet. Its kid friendly...	20in Monitor
Not sure why, but it kept freezing and ended up having to return it. Very disappointing	Apple Airpods Headphones
I really like it my complants is that it gives them to many choices that they try to pick all of the apps.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Amazon Fire for Kids is an excellent starter tablet. The supporting games and apps are exceptional. Use of tablet is simple and non-intimidating.	Wired Headphones
I have a few issues with this tablet. Mainly the fact that I can't get Google services on it, not even YouTube. Aside from that, the biggest downfall is the charging. The port is very loose and comes undone easily and the charge doesn't hold for very long.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Son loves this tablet and uses it everyday. Nice to know that this has a 2 year manufacturer warranty. No questions asked.	Flatscreen TV
I love this this memory card. The price was good ty	Lightning Charging Cable
Fun apps for kids along with some great educational apps and videos	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The value was there with a sale price reduction of $30. Especially for the 16GB model. Another key factor is the 2 year no questions asked warranty replacement. A valuable consideration for a tablet primarily used by a child.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We are super happy with the kindle fire. We had bought several DVD players for our vehicle that never lasted long due to living on a dirt road, and the kindle fire was a perfect fit for replacing them. Now our almost two year old son loves the movies, shows, and games, along with the books that he can look through while we read. It also doubles as a tablet for me since it gives the options for different profiles. We love it!	Flatscreen TV
Purchased the tablet for my 9 month old daughter since I notice that she loves phone screens and tablets. Keep in mind isn't intend for kids her age but make sure there is adult supervision. Pluses: the tablet can take a good beating. Tons of hard tapping and even with the tough case can even take biting as well without causing any damage to the pink case. ( daughter is teething lol) . I'm a Amazon prime member,which gives access to tons of shows and free apps. So if you have Prime you can totally take advantage of a full library of entertainment. Some of the apps are great even for my 9 month old daughter works great to keep her entertained. Also when she is older I have tons of options to change and control. Also I get my own side she can't do anything unless I give her action.Cons: Average battery life 5-6hours tops of nonstop use and also wish that there was a way to lock the screen while watching Amazon, Netflix or any other video app so when my daughter taps in any direction or anywhere that the videos wouldn't stop playing.	Lightning Charging Cable
Our young son spends hours fully engaged playing games on his tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy and age appropriate. Can set timers for tv and movie watching my granddaughter finds the educational games more interesting and fun.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
i actually purchased for a friends daughter and she is very happy	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Fire is small but does everything it should for a young child. Worth the low cost I paid for it.	Flatscreen TV
My daughter loves her tablet. Amazon has plenty of games for her to play. It is also easy for her to use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Kids Kindle was a Christmas present for great grandson age 4. His mother has downloaded many word games and etc. from Amazon's childrens library. A big feature of the Kindle is the case and the 2 year no fault warranty. His Mother says he loves the Kindle and uses it all the time. Great purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 3 for my three granddaughters for Christmas. They love it. I love it too, free games, books, movies	Apple Airpods Headphones
Would be lost without my kindle and kindle unlimited spend lots of time reading	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This has been a great replacement for my daughters Leap Pad. The parental controls are very functional and the year free download of everything has been worthwhile. I really appreciate the usage timers - they are customizable and I can set a time limit for apps, a different time limit for reading and a third time limit for videos. The case seems sturdy and should prevent damages due to drops. On top of this, it is a fully functional Kindle, and I am able to use it when she is not!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I highly recommend this tablet for a toddler. There are plenty of learning activities that engage little minds. The case that comes with it is sturdy, my toddler drops/throws this tablet and it's not damaged at all.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
granddaughter loves it! Now my Ipad if free for ME to use	27in FHD Monitor
best money I ever spent for my grand child she just love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for kids if you don't want to spend money on the IPAD.	Wired Headphones
Tablet is great. I am trying to get my daughter use to the kindle. We started her at 10 months on an Ipad and thought it would be easier to get one her own tablet now that she is almost 2. Not so, she is struggling to navigate in the kindle. I am not able to transfer her games and movies.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids love their amazon kindles! They can take them anywhere and play on them! Great battery life!	27in FHD Monitor
My daughter absolutely loves this! It is very user friendly. My only issue with it would be that it doesn't come with a camera automatically installed.	Lightning Charging Cable
I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My 5 year old loves her Kids Fire Edition Kindle! Very easy for her to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got it for my son and he loves it! Definitely would recommend it!	USB-C Charging Cable
It freezes a lot. Lots of problems getting games to cooperate. But overall, my son loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got it for our grandson for Christmas and he won't put it down. Comes with free kids software which is great.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is perfect for my 3 year old. He loves this. The charger can be a little tricky at times, so I do have to be the one to plug it in. I've made sure to download a few of his favorite things on it for when we are offline & it's worked just fine. I will be buying an SD card soon to give him more room though, but we haven't run into any issues so far.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for my kids. Syncs to all of our Amazon videos and netflix. The protective kids case is a must. Makes it easier for smaller kids to hold without touching the screen. Also does well with drops to the ground	Wired Headphones
I purchased this for my 4 and 2 year old grandchildren. They were using parents phones and running the battery down. Now they have their own device and can watch their cartoons and play games. Love the case, it makes it easy for little hands to hold on to. Overall very good purchase.	Wired Headphones
I bought these for my niece and nephews for Christmas. They love them! They know how to turn them on and locate an app. I love being able to set time limits so they aren't on their tablets very often! Great investment!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
the device works flawlessly... nearly indestructable for a 2 yr old... also comes with a no questions asked replacement policy through Amazon in the event that the screen breaks or something crazy	Wired Headphones
Bought it for our 2 year old son, has really helped with his vocabulary	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this tablet bought this for my granddaughter she enjoys it and plays with it daily	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very durable and easy to use. Last for several years with all that it can do.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Keep your child entertained with this Amazon Fire Kids Edition tablet. Thousands of child-friendly e-books, TV shows, games and educational apps accessible through this tablet engage your child in a healthy way, while its kid-proof case prevents easy damage. An expandable memory of up to 128GB on this Amazon Fire Kids Edition tablet provides plenty of storage. movies,	Lightning Charging Cable
So read reviews on a few tablets but honeatly felt this was the one for my kids bought it and sure enough it was it best apps for kids especially reading for kids amazon did a good deal on this and if you have prime it links up with your account for videos too	Bose SoundSport Headphones
May grandson loves this. Went on a long car trip and he was able to watch movies and keep entertained.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the amount of time we can set that she can be on this! The bumper guard has been handy. Apps that were on it are awesome. Best of all she loves it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We decided to buy the tablet so our toddler could play educational games on hers instead of going for my iPad. I love how we can block her from going on the Internet as well as set a curfew. It's easy to use and my daughter loves it!	Wired Headphones
Santa brought this to our daughter, she's 7 and it's perfect for her!! Easy to use and figure out!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Works great, easy to use for my 4 year old. I can adjust settings easily. Easy set up	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My 4 year old loves it. I love that she can use it unsupervised without worry. She has been learning her alphabet and this has been a great tool.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to set up and turn on and off restrictions. Piece of mind that daughter can't access adult appropriate content	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for learning and entertaining purposes. My daughter is 5 & enjoys it. I compared this to other learning tablets and found for the price & protection plan this works best for us.	iPhone
Great product easy to use. My niece loves it won't put it down.	iPhone
Simple to operate for a 3 yr old . Would recommend	Lightning Charging Cable
Picture quality is not good. I don't like this product	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great tablet for my three year old son It's really easy for him to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
The kindle fire kids is perfect size for our toddler, case is super durable, and I love how it can set up age appropriate as our child grows	ThinkPad Laptop
This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.	Lightning Charging Cable
My grandkids plays with this tablet all the time.lots of videos and games	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as a gift for my grandkids. They absolutely love it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love the parental controls available. You can set what time they can start and stop using, as well as how much time on each activity. Also love the guarantee of replacement.	27in FHD Monitor
Perfect for kids. He has his own tablet, and I can control all access to everything. I don't have to worry about what he's getting into....	Bose SoundSport Headphones
my kid loves it of course. I haven't had a chance to look at it's potential for parent use, like email. Seems like a winner.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my step sons. They positively love it and it is so easy to navigate. The only draw back is with the capability for them to download games the memory is close to full	Apple Airpods Headphones
The grandkids love it they spend time playing the games they like.	Google Phone
Great product. As advertised. Very easy to set up profiles with daily goals and limits. Great purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for kids! It's very easy for them to navigate.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
originally had a 4g and needed a larger one for my nephew to play games and this is perfect for a 5 year old.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My grandson really enjoys his new Kindle that he for for a Christmas present.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My son enjoys to play with his tablet but definitely you gotta take a little time to set it up for them to be safe while they are playing with.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my grand child. They love it. They play and add gamehis.	Lightning Charging Cable
Grandson has loved this since he opened it for his Birthday He was able to use it,figure it out, right away The protective case actually makes it easier for him to handle. Simple to set up for his home internet and parents were able to view and set up controls of their choice.	Lightning Charging Cable
My Son absolutely loves this thing, very durable and comes with a great warranty.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this as a gift for my smart 1 yr old niece and she loves it. she is always using the tablet. it's her favorite toy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I absolutely love the parental controls on this device. You can even set a time limit on how long they can use it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for children lots of great options to regulate what content that is available to the children.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is great product. The tablet are made tough and great price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's ok but I rather have bought Samsung Galaxy Tab	Wired Headphones
"You can not block Bing and it shows ""trending now"" News content. This can not be deleted or blocked. It also types ahead and adds content."	Google Phone
I didn't know how well he would do with a full blown tablet, but I am shocked at how well he navigates it ON HIS OWN. He does get stuck from time to time, but a few times and key words and he can pull up apps, close them, pause and play movies etc by himself. His vocal skills have improved and he is saying and identifying letters- and it has to be because of the tablet. I'm impressed at how well it holds his attention. His letter understanding (he's 3.5) has transferred off screen to the physical materials we use. Plus, it's a great motivation tool. I love it, and he does, too.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is super easy to set daily limits and goals for children on the device. Remember to set up Amazon Household which makes installing apps via site easier. Has everything a typical Android tablet has.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son loves this tablet. It is easy for him to navigate and extremely durable.	Vareebadd Phone
Great product!! My daughter loves it!!! She is two years old!!! Kids mode is the best.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my two yr old and she loves it not to mention super durable.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this for my three year old for Christmas and she loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Have fun with it .Good game Good apps . Easy to used	20in Monitor
I purchased this tablet for my 4 year old daughter and its FANTASTIC! Its durable and very user friendly! Love all all the free educational games, movies & books!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for kids, bought both colors for two of my kids.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great for kids. Bought both colors for two of my kids.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is very durable for a young child. It is very easy to use even for my 2 yo granddaughter.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My granddaughter loves this and it came as promised.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My husband and I purchased 3 of these for each of our kiddos and to say they're a hit would be a massive understatement. And the parental controls on these are awesome. We love our new Fires!!	Lightning Charging Cable
We purchased this as a gift and the feedback we have received has been great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought 5 tablets for my grandchildren for Christmas. They loved them. Ages ranged from 5 to 12. Made shopping easy for this grandma.	Google Phone
Grandson loves this tablet, does everything he needs	34in Ultrawide Monitor
A great money saving alternative to the ipad for my son who likes ti play games and read books.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 5 year old granddaughter cannot put her Fire tablet down. My granddaughter plays a variety of games and watches videos. She loves her tablet!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We purchased three of these tablets for our granddaughters and they use them everyday and enjoy them. We spoke with one of the Best Buy associates and he was great telling us about this product. Made our decision easy. Thanks.	USB-C Charging Cable
We had given hand-me down iPhones to the kids to use for car trips and the like a while back and were looking to update them. For the price, this is the best deal. You have access to a lot of the same apps (although you might have to start them over). It has a durable case. And is a good size for little hands. It is very helpful to be able to time activities so they don't have a choice about handing it back over. Only downside is one of our cords doesn't charge as well as we'd like and sometimes it seems a little slow starting certain apps in comparison to our apple products. But if you don't want to pay the apple price, this is the way to go. Kids will definitely be entertained by it!	Google Phone
Great tablet. Great performance and is stable. I have ipads and other tablets and I really enjoy reading and watching shows on my kindle fire vs any other tabletThe kid version is kind of annoying. So.many. apps.. ugh. And kids dont understand that they have to wait longer if they're going to download 100 apps at one time..	ThinkPad Laptop
Christmas gift for 8 yr. Ended up returning. too slow and not enough content for our 8 yr old. Kids....... Great 2yr protection tho	iPhone
WISH the kindle fire (for kids) had better way to limit how many items you can download at once. Most kids do not understand that clicking on a bunch of pictures will download that game/program, which is CLOG download times. Needs a better way to remove unwanted items, rather than clicking.. and clicking on every item. Speed and performance is pretty good for a tablet. App store is great and has many items.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 2-year old. She liked it for the first few days and then she went back to playing with my ipad. If I hadn't already introduce her to the ipad, I think she would have been fine with this.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Gave to my great nephew. 2.5 yrs old. He loves it and his father no longer has to turn over his phone to his son.	Google Phone
My 4 year old son got this for Christmas and he loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
My two year old loves the videos,games and books this tablet provides.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Perfect for that age group that I bought it for she 10and loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this as a gift for my 3 year old granddaughter. She is learning how to get to her apps and play some games on it. I like that I can have contol over what she can watch and play.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought it for my 2 (almost 3) year old. He really lover it. I love that I can put a timer on it and he can't be on it all day. It's easy to use. The only thing I hate is how fast the battery runs down even if not in use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this for my 5 year old daughter and her and my three year old love it! Lightweight, durable and loaded with books and games. What really sold me on this one over the other options was the 2 year anything guarantee that Amazon offers!	Google Phone
Love how easy it is for my 9 year old sone to navigate around. The unlimited kindle free time is great too we like that we are able to set time limits as well as only allow age appropriate games and content. Our son Not only loves playing Minecraft and watching netflix on it but enjoys the reading the books as well.	Wired Headphones
interface isnt as user friendly as other brands but u get used to it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Grandbaby won't put it down loves itShe's dropped it too many times & the blue cover has protected her tablet every time.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good for little kids, it runs a little slow though	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very awesome tablet for kids and great parental controls	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Brought it for my niece for a Christmas and she loves it doesn't lag or anything it works just fine	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my granddaughter. She is so smart. She can get on and find her apps. She lives the videos and games.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My six year old turned this tablet on immediately on Christmas Day. He knew how to operate it easily.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought two kindles one for my daughter and one for my god daughter and I love it. I can let them use it and they can download whatever they want for free such as books and kid friendly games. I don't have to worry. It can also be used like a normal tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, lots of features, keeps kids interested, good beginner tablet unit	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves her kindle and it's larger than the previous one she had. She enjoys it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great fun r the little ones, had to go buy another because it works so well! Dropped many times and still is doing well!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my daughter to keep her busy in the car and flights. Works great. Good content.	Wired Headphones
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my toddler and she loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Over all pretty good product.i am not so sure if it's got Bluetooth connectivity. i've had it for a few months now and kids seem to enjoy it a lot.certainly I recommend to anyone who wants to give their kids the ""best ""gift."	iPhone
A little slow but overall good first tablet for kids	Wired Headphones
Got it for my grandson he loves it.it is a very good tablet!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
My eight year old loves the games and it is safe for her to use.	Google Phone
Love this tablet! It's easy to setup and the pre-loaded games were a hit with my little one! Very pleased with the the selection of videos and games on Amazon Kid Play :)	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this tablet for my five year old and he loves IT and so do I. The games and activities are age appropriate. This tablet is such a great buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Is great for beginners I love the parental control on it it works great for my toddler.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for little kids but I have a 10 year old daughter with Autism that loves this. She can watch movies, play games, and READ her favorite books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the way to go for an all-in-one package for the kids. Everything is set-up and easily controlled through adult log in...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I mainly bought this so my daughter and I could skype daily, but the free time by amazon has proven to be very helpful for kids. The big foam cover is awesome if you have a destructive kid.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the case, table works very well, easy to download game and apps, but the life of the battery is not great. The battery fully charged only last about 3-4 hours	Google Phone
My 5 and 8 year olds love these tablets. They are able to play age appropriate content. Tablet seems well powered and the case is providing good protection.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My grandkids love's it always on it great learning tool	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My 3yr old grand daughter loves her new tablet! Now she can watch Mickey Clubhouse whenever she wants.	iPhone
I love it it comes with a 12 month kids subscription	Wired Headphones
I love the fact that it can take a lick and keeping on ticking my grandson is a bit rough on things.	Flatscreen TV
Works fine on wifi, otherwise a little slow. My kid enjoys it though. For the price it's good.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Easy to use. I would recommend it to anyone whit kids	Wired Headphones
This looked easy, but hard to setup if no experience with other than Apple products	Flatscreen TV
This product is very good for little kids to keep some very entertained. Occasionally	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I would recommend this to a friend is anybody with little kids	Wired Headphones
My daughter loves this. There are so many settings and you don't have to buy every app individual. So many books and educational apps :)	27in FHD Monitor
My children love the tablet. It's a good price and the apps that come with it are great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my son who is a product of the times and takes very easily to electronics and touch screen devices. My mother bought him a subscription to the ABC Mouse learning program and we needed a kid friendly device for him to use it on. At first I was skeptical about spending the extra 50 for the kids fire as I thought it was mainly for the case which I thought to be cheap silicon. When the tablet arrived in the mail I was surprised to find that the enclosure is a thick, heavy duty type of foam. It provides a good enclosure for the kids to hang onto as well as a solid defender against any drops. It booted up quickly and once you enter your amazon information, you have the ability to set up both an account for adults and a child's account.The child's account does not have access to the app store or anything that you don't want them to get a hold of.You can set time limits on their account to your desire.You can allow and disallow any application you want to their account.It comes with a year subscription to amazons free time unlimited, which I interpreted as basically Prime for kids. This allows access to all the apps and games as much as they want.The kids user interface is extremely slim and easy to navigate. He is able to one click to any apps, books, games he wants to use. It also highlights your recently used apps in the carousel at the top.Overall I'm very happy with the purchase of this tablet as it allows him to use modern technology to learn and grow without worrying about the normal dangers the Internet holds if you're not careful.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very pleased with product. I was also a decent price and not overpriced.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My children think these are the greatest. I'm kind of partial to agree. You can limit their time, access and the things are built like a tank.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas. She is special needs and so far she shows an interest in the movies and games included on this tablet. She is able to easily use it with minimum assistance.	USB-C Charging Cable
i have not had any issues with it. i like the separate profiles so i can use it too with out him getting online. plus i can down load a app and if it is suitable for him i can add it to his profile.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's nice to have parental controls, but app grouping and bugs with apps hurts the experience. Parents will still need to look over child's shoulder to ensure games/apps are appropriate. Battery life is absolutely terrible.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought 3 of these for my 4 year old, 6 year old and 9 year old. Perfect for all ages. I love the amazon free time year subscription and the content is very age appropriate. I also love the ability to set the time settings for them. It also works as a regular kindle if you decide not to renew the amazon free time after a year.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought these for my grand children for Christmas and they have thoroughly enjoyed using their 'tablets' and the apps that can easily be saved on the tablet.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this for my 8 year old. He loves it and it's very simple to add the perfect parental controls!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kids really enjoy this. They play for hours on them. Keeps them occupied.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to navigate and my son just loves it pkus a year free of service.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for convenience when other devices are tied up, but the keyboard lags a little slower than I would like.	USB-C Charging Cable
BOUGHT FOR 3 YEAR OLD GRANDAUGHTER. SHE LOVES IT AND NOW SHE WON'T NEED TO STEAL MOMS TABLET OR PHONE.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this product for my 4 year old grandaughter and she loves using it	ThinkPad Laptop
I am pleased that my 6 year old grandson was happy with his gift	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"My granddaughter had been using her parents' iPad and loves using apps for learning. I thought it would be nice for her to have her own tablet. My daughter loves the parental limits that can be set and my granddaughter loves not having to ""share"" with her parents!"	USB-C Charging Cable
I will recommend for other parents to buy this product	Flatscreen TV
This was a Christmas gift for a toddler. He loves this gift.	Flatscreen TV
Bought this for my 4 yr. old for Christmas, she loves it and is very easy to use. The battery lasts a long time	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for my 5 year old because he can play anything on there without having to ask me to install. (In a previous tablet, he had to ask me to install games, videos, etc.. but that is no longer the case). Being able to set time limits is great as well. Don't have to worry about him spending too much time on the device. He understand that after the time limit has been reached, no more tablet time until the next day.	USB-C Charging Cable
My granddaughter is enjoying it thoroughly. My son likes the various parental controls	iPhone
The child that this item was purchased for hasn't put it down. He is really enjoying it!	iPhone
Excellent tablet for a young child that is very durable, expandable, inexpensive and my grand daughter loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a starter Kindle for my grandson. Since I already have a Kindle Fire Tablet that I love, I had no hesitation buying this for someone else. I chose this tablet because of the childproof case and the extended replacement warranty since the gift was for an adolescent boy.	LG Dryer
The kids never put them down, Plenty of apps to keep them interested. Parental locks keep them safe.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for young children. Parental locks so you can control what they see. A great deal of educational apps.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the Amazing fire tablet and the preloaded apps and games. Plenty of memory for additional downloads too!	USB-C Charging Cable
The best device for a child in the market. Purchased for an infant and after two weeks, he is loving it. Easy to handle and durable.	Google Phone
Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
great learning tool for my granddaughter. she loves it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Got this for my 2 year old granddaughter for Christmas. She plays on it till we have to recharge it! She loves it! Great little tablet with a host of capabilities.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought the tablet for my one year old son so we can use it in the car. It just a great buy. I recommend it to anyone that has young kids.	Wired Headphones
This was a good pick for first kids tablets. I just wish getting to their apps was a little easier	Macbook Pro Laptop
This kids fire tablet is perfect for our 5 year old granddaughter. We downloaded some free and purchase kids apps. It give us a break as she's not always asking for our tablet. And we know the content on it is safe.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is great if you are a prime member , case is durable!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids are 18 months and 4 and they love this tablet. It's easy for them to use and very lightweight	Wired Headphones
I bought two of these for Christmas for my 3 and 4 year old and they love them! Easy to navigate and it keeps them busy and interested for hours. Sturdy protective bumper protector keeps your kids Kindle safe. The only complaint I have is the charger doesn't stay snug and one is already useless because it won't fit tight enough to charge. This isn't a problem with this Kindle but maybe all of them. I bought my oldest son a regular Kindle fire the same day and his charger is worthless now too. Not quite sure what the problem is with them.	Wired Headphones
Thought this would be perfect for my two children. The case, warranty and pass to download unlimited apps seemed great. However, the pad is sometimes unresponsive and inaccurate-which can be frustrating for children. The case is a little too bulky. And it can be confusing for children who want to push an icon to play but it instead downloads. There is a definite learning curve that they will overcome in time but it could be more user friendly for younger users.	Lightning Charging Cable
We recently purchased this exact tablet for our daughter who is 2 years old and decided to purchase this tablet for a charitable gift at Christmas. I would recommend this rather than more expensive tablet options for a child. it is worth the money and very user friendly.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We recently purchased this as a gift for charity. We chose this because we purchased the same type tablet for our daughter and couldn't be more please. It's very easy set up and super user friendly. I would def. recommend this for a child rather than a more expensive product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet but doesn't charge fast take a while to charge have to remove case to charge and I Brought 3 can be a hassle with kids	Google Phone
It is awesome and my grandboy loves it. It keeps him from playing with my phone.	Wired Headphones
"My granddaughter really likes it. ""She"" found age-appropriate games to play."	27in FHD Monitor
My grandson has thoroughly enjoyed it. Easy to use. He frequently sends us messages and pictures.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome device for my six year old. Very safe useage	iPhone
Excellent product,my children love this item. Thanks	27in FHD Monitor
Great gift for a child that loves tech and loves to put apps on your phone.	Lightning Charging Cable
Kindle products are fantastic. I've used a kindle & now have a Kindle fire. Use it everyday, so naturally, I would select a Kindle for my granddaughter.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought for my 2 yr old grandson.. and he loves it has a lot of learning numbers alphabet and shapes	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I absolutely love how u. An switch from dif accounts	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bout this item for my granddaughter for Christmas. It has games that she enjoys playing The case protects the device very well. It also can be set up for age appropriate games etc. As she gets older you can change that. It is bigger than an iPod and smaller than an iPad and has a better price. Since it is a google device you can go there to get more apps	AA Batteries (4-pack)
my son is 5 & is clumsy! hes had this tablet about a month & as many times as hes dropped it still works perfect!	USB-C Charging Cable
My little girl loves this tablet. It keeps her engaged and entertained. It comes with a protective case that protects it from falls and the handlings' of kids. You can download apps and with parental control you are protected from your kids accidentally making unnecessary purchases without your knowledge. Great tablet for kids!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased as a Christmas gift for my grandson. He loved it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I looked at multiple other brands, some cheaper by 20-40 bucks. This is the only one that guarantees your kid cant break it for 2 years!!!! Drinks have spilled on it, its been dropped, thrown sat on and not a thing wrong with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Sturdy construction, withstands toddlers use or (abuse)	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great entry level tablet for kids without the worries of easy breakage.	Lightning Charging Cable
My son loves it !Never had this when I was his age	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandson loves this tablet kid friendly .He plays with this all the time .	Wired Headphones
My 4yr old was able to operate it flawlessly. The included case works its magic to keep the tablet from any accidental screen cracks.	Lightning Charging Cable
My girls love the tablet. It has lots of apps they can download. The only problem the battery is used up even when not in use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the best tablet for a kids tablet. The modified Android operating system with Amazon features built-in is great. I am reviewing for what it is, a KIDS TABLET. It has a 1.3 gigahertz processor, meaning for such a small device that decently enough. Internal memory is 8 gigs but you can expand to 256 gigabytes. You wont run out of memory. It has a 2 megapixel camera that shoots in 720p, meaning not full 1080 hd or 4k. Again, if you bought it for a camera you'd be wrong, but for a kid 2 years to 12 years old, that's good. It has 1 gig of ram so it is kind of sluggish on more detailed games. Our 2 year old isn't playing any heavy graphics games that take up the CPU and GPU. It came with a nice rubber case for drop protection and she has thrown it a few times excitedly and it did its job. It has no resource hogging GPS or RADIO but it does have bluetooth and Wi-Fi.	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent gift for my grandkids. They love it and play with it all the time.	Google Phone
Proved to be an excellent Christmas gift for both grandkids. They love it	Lightning Charging Cable
my son had a nabi we bought for learning & entertainment. there were many games we downloaded that didnt work without internet or would shut down randomly on it. But we habe yet to encounter a problem with the fire! i download games and books for him to read which work just great without having to be connected to the internet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
my daughter is girly so the fact that its pink is perfect! we take it everywhere with no fears of her breaking it when it drops and she stays entertained .	USB-C Charging Cable
So far it begin good for my 4yrs old toddler. She enjoy every minute of it.The parental control it's a plus. It also allow you to make multiple kid and adults profiles without any problems issues.	iPhone
I bought this product for my grandchildren. It is very easy for them to use and sturdy enough not to break when they drop it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Have not used the product. This item was a gift and I have not yet received word on the product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for the grandkids, they know how to manage them better than I do.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My granddaughter loves this tablet. Best tablet for the money.	Google Phone
I bought this tablet right after Black Friday. It had good reviews, a perfect warranty for kids, and a reputable branding. Once set up, it has a good cover that is light and hard for a child to remove. The included one year software Freetime is user friendly and convenient to navigate. So far, we really like this tablet. The only thing that I still need time to determine its battery life. After about 2 hours of game play, the battery is about at 50%. Very satisfied.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this for my daughter's for Christmas this is a great gift it helps them learn and keep them out of trouble thanks again Best Buy.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son loves this tablet, he will not put it down!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I chose this product from my daughter's this is a great product keeps them from fighting and misbehaving. I think everyone should have one for their child this is a great product to help them learn and really affordable the people at Best Buy were really helpful.	iPhone
I personally like the old shape ( more square ) of the kindle better. I use to have a 8 inch and loved it until my grandkids dropped it and now it doesn't work any more.	iPhone
My son is a huge fan of it and I love that I can control what he watches and plays	Wired Headphones
My 3 year old is learning so much playing the games on this tablet, and I love that it is so durable and can take a beating. Would recommend. Many games to match many age groups. Plus YouTube access.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet offered my son hours and hours of continuous learning and excitement he would not put it down until it went dead and the batteries had to be recharged	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love that this tablet came preloaded. All we needed to do was charge it and my child had access to many books at an appropriate level.	USB-C Charging Cable
Overall great product. 5 year old can use it easily and it is great in terms of making sure young children cannot access content that is not intended for them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my third. I buy them for all my grandkids.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for young children. Our kids got them for Christmas so we are still trying to figure it all out. I would recommend going ahead and purchasing a sd card bc the storage space ran out very quickly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought it for my grandson for Christmas and so far it has been good. It is him that is the problem. He isn't able to understand some of the stuff but will in time.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet has been a great learning tool for my child.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter is 1 and doesn't pay much attention to it because she'd rather have my phone. However, as a parent I'd rather have her play with the tablet because it has many free learning game apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
My three year old son love it. He can read and learn so much from the free time app.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my son, he loves it and is easy to use and add stuff for kids, the warranty is an added bonus. Plus pretty durable, since having a 2 year old, when he throws fits, this gets thrown as well.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Purchased as a gift, perfect for small children! Easy to use especially for children's apps with the touch screen.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son absolutely loves it but not enough storage.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is the second one I bought. My grandkids love them.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Grand child loves it, before she had to look at her favorite movies. On the computer monitor,Now she can look at her movies anywhere.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my 2 year old granddaughter l, she loves it, so easy to use .. She can navigate through it with no problems	Apple Airpods Headphones
my 2 almost 3 year old son for Christmas it is great even for adults as well very sturdy and holds but to a wild 2 year old	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My Grandson loves his tablet we got him. Very safe	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a great amazon fire tablet for kids highly recommend	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet is great for young children. Our kids got them for Christmas so we are still trying to figure everything out. I would recommend buying an sd card with your purchase of the tablet bc storage space runs out fast.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Touch response is not so good. so my kid refused to play games on this.Returned this product. Thanks to Bestbuy for the full refund	iPhone
Easy to use!! Purchased for my nephew, he's 4, he loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my grandson and he loves it. great	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter just turned four. She loves reading books, watching movies, and playing games on her Fire. It has a short battery life compared to other big name brands but still good, usually around five or six hours. The included amazon free subscription is great, lots of great content from Disney and other quality brands.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My granddaughter loves her pink tablet she is four and able to use on her own	Macbook Pro Laptop
This was the first tablet we purchased for our kids and love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the amazon fire kids edition. It has lots of fun apps for kids.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to use for a 5 year old. She loves it. I just don't like that my amazon account is linked to her tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
The tablet is for my son who is 2. That being said I noticed blotches on the screen. Never returned it due to it not making a difference to my son. I will have to upgrade him in question few years anyway. The bumper is amazing.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is perfect for kids under 12 years. It has lots of fun apps for the kids.	Google Phone
This tablet is perfect for a young child. The case it comes with is wonderful and seems very protective.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have two of these for my kids. Ages 2 and 3. They are great for them to watch cartoons and they are slowly getting into the puzzles, books and games on them. Easy to setup and link to amazon account. Only gave it 4 stars because the one downfall is that these tablets are bit on the slow side when either downloading content or loading up some videos. Kids are less patient than adults you know. Overall, well worth the money.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought the first kindle years ago for my sister. When my oldest turned 1, he wouldn't leave her kindle alone. We decided to buy him one & he has had it ever since. The learning apps such as the counting ones, ones about learning shapes, and learning his ABCs, assists in his advancement in his schooling. We all have a kindle in the house, to include my 3 year old (this is his first year with one). Love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 2 Amazon Kid's Fire Tablets for my two grandsons for Christmas. Included in the purchase of the A.K.F. Tablets is a one year subscription to KID's Free Time.I have called & emailed inquiring about the registration process in order for my daughter to activate & begin using the free one year subscription of KID's FREE TIME, & still no resolution.Upon trying to register tablets, credit card used to purchase is required. I do not understand why my credit card needs to be submitted in order to obtain/activate a service that is included in the already PREPAID Purchase!I have been waiting for a response since Christmas.Therefore, at this time, I would have to give a 2 star rating due to the lack of customer service available for this product. With hope of getting this issue resolved I would still recommend to a friend.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet , lots of fun for the kids I reccomend big time.	iPhone
Overall a good First Tablet for a Child. I find it difficult to find a specific game on the Child User. The Adult User has a search feature. Not sure where the Search feature is on the Child User. My 5 yr old Grandson is enjoying the Tablet.	20in Monitor
Was looking for a tablet for my young daughter. This was on sale and had good reviews. After consulting with the sales associate with some questions, I decided to purchase item. Nice looking product, however, very little storage space.... after downloading a few apps... the storage was full and was required to buy more! Also, cannot play videos unless hooked up to wifi. Unlike the sales associate told me. Very disappointing!!! Would not recommend!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I personally like that it is relatively small and light in weight.So, easy to handle for my toddler.With the increased number of games and apps, downloaded on the Tablett, it slows down in speed. That, for sure, I dislike. But over al it is good to have when on the go, on car rides or long periods of waiting.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great starter tablet. Purchased for my 6 year old, it has been easy to use. Only giving get four stars because there should be a better way to control purchases. My son figured out quickly how to purchase apps. Finally figured out how to put a pin on app purchases.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves that it is pink and she enjoys watching videos/playing on the tablet, which is what really matters. Sufficient and cheaper alternative to the more expensive tablet alternatives.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this item for my 9 year old granddaughter. She is thrilled with it. She loves the number of books she is able to access. It wasd a Christmas hit!	Google Phone
"I especially loved the bumper that protects it! He absolutely loved this gift! It has parental control. It has the ability to buy games that are educational for him; and we are all thrilled with it....myself, his parents and our little guy!!!!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Your can really control what your kid gets access to from apps, videos, and the Internet. You can not get a better deal. The 2 yr anything happens warranty is a big plus. It's not the fastest thing on the market it's desent. Picture quality is great. Everything that comes with it just makes it a real smart buy. Love the fact that I can program it to have her read 15mins 1st before she can fully access it. Also that I can put a time limit on what she can access and for how long for the week.	Lightning Charging Cable
My older kids helped me put in the child safety features and then it works great for my special needs daughter	USB-C Charging Cable
Great tablet for the kids as it includes some good educational apps and has a good case that surrounds it for durability.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my 8 year old and it was perfect. She loves it and works it with ease.	20in Monitor
So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought for my granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it. She would use her Mom's phone to watch her shows but now that she has her tablet she can watch her own and see it much better. Homerun on this Christmas present!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great device and easy setup.The ease of use for the kids are also great.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought as Christmas gift. She loves it. Small, light, fast, great selection of apps. Plus you can't go wrong with the warranty.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought as Christmas gift. He loves it. Small, light, fast, great selection of apps. Plus you can't go wrong with the warranty.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought it for our granddaughter and she absolutely loved it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought one last year that worked out well. Decided to get another one this year. Very pleased.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for a 2 yr old, and will use it till he's older	20in Monitor
My grandson loves it and there are lots of educational games .	iPhone
I love this tablet for kids .. it's so much fun for them .. great buy ...	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this tablet for my two yr old granddaughter for Christmas and she loves the games and camera. Works great. Glad I got it for her.	Lightning Charging Cable
The parental controls are amazing! Super easy for my daughter to operate	Bose SoundSport Headphones
this tablet is a good for small children it has a good cover	Wired Headphones
Good tablet. Easy to use for 5 yr. Not as many free stuff as expected. Have to pay for most games, movies and books.	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter has enjoyed it very much!!!! She loves using the camera. And playing the games she just loves it. We have to put it on charge and she is asking 5 minutes later is it charged yet!!!! Really is kid friendly	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My 4 year old daughter loves her fire for kids. Keeps her very entertained at all times	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Amazon free time great for small kids to get entertained	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for my 3 year old grand daughter, she LOVES it.	20in Monitor
Bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter! She was wearing my Kindle out with ABCmouse.com! She loves it and I love the warranty	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son is crazy about it,nice size,good grafics,and Internet conection!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i bought 2 for a 3 and 4 year old grand-babies and its so easy to use for both of us.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a kid friendly tablet good for gaming and learning games as well. Glad we got it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Grandkids loved the tablets and they seem very durable and long-lasting	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use for children. Multiple color tablet covers.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So we gave it to my 1yr old for christmas, on the box it says if you break any way theyll replace, 30sec after opening he throws it down and jumps on .... works great lol loves watching spongbob on lol	Apple Airpods Headphones
Probably a little too much but the device has excellent parental controls. They have used it for about a week so far with no issues.	Wired Headphones
This is for my 5 year old and she hasn't put it down since Christmas. She uses it for watching videos and taking pictures of her toys..	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Kindles were good while they worked 3 days!! Best Buy was good about replacing them. Very frustrating though to have to get them replaced when my kids only played on them for three days.	Flatscreen TV
I like that you can set parental setting so the kids can't purchase without you knowing about it. Great warranty also as a separated for the kids and the parents	iPhone
Very satisfied with this purchase my grandson loved it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this tablet for my 3 year old and he loves it. He has learned a lot. Only con is that it takes a long time to charge and doesn't stay charged for long	USB-C Charging Cable
Works great for my daughter, great price and apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
I like it my son can watch his 2 favorite shows with out any problems	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids love the tablet and it's easy for them to use	iPhone
Great tablet for ages 8 and under my kids love them	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Slow processor equates to slow internet browsing. User I nterface is ok. Really wish it had the capability to lock onto the movie screen while my toddler watches movies. Next time I'll just spend the additional money on an iPad mini for my kids.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablet could be great for my 4 year old daughter if it worked properly. As of right now I need to return it to see if a new one will work. There are black and grey lines across the screen most of the time. It will not go to the home screen so my daughter can play on it. I am hoping a new one will not be faulty.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this nice kindle fire kids tablet for my 18 month son for a 6 hour road trip to LA and it did the job. I downloaded some movies and apps from Amazon to keep the little guy busy. He absolutely loved it and best thing is the case it's very durable. Plus with 2 year guarantee if anything happens they'll replace it for free. We both love it!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I was hoping he would not want to put it down, like the other tablet he had (sprout chubby )But he stills wants my phone.	USB-C Charging Cable
Christmas gift for my 4yr old grandson, he loves it. Easy for him to play by himself	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It is a tablet. Downloads kids apps fast. Only complaint is when I shut it down the kid's user screen goes away. I do pull it back up but both my child and I get annoyed. Some regular apps I have not been able to remove from the regular screen. However, I would recommend.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My little girl loves her Kindle. I'm so happy I bought an upgrade to her previous kindle. Best Christmas gift ever.	Vareebadd Phone
My children loved their previous kindles so much I bought them an upgrade with the case - so worth it.	Wired Headphones
My little 8 year old guy loves this kindle. Couldn't imagine a better Christmas gift.	27in FHD Monitor
This has the all speed and storage I needed for my preschooler. The case is soft and light and I can tell it will protect the tablet really well. I really like the ease of getting to the kid-friendly apps and videos. Has easy to set up parental controls.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This has the all speed and storage I needed for my first grader. The case is soft and light and I can tell it will protect the tablet really well. I really like the ease of getting to the kid-friendly apps and videos. Has easy to set up parental controls.	Wired Headphones
Easy to set up and durable grandpa dropped it and no issues	USB-C Charging Cable
This is an excellent tool to help our granddaughter advance her learning skills and also allows her an opportunity to play educational games	Apple Airpods Headphones
What impressed me the most was the amount of free kids apps that you get with the Kindle. These are easy to use in both size and software.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet to take for my child to play on when out to dinner. Keeps him busy.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kids tablet made a good gift for our youngest grandson, 6 years of age.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my son for Christmas and so far he loves it good value for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got 2 of this for kids 5 and 3 it is a pretty good tablet, easy to navigate for the children but (and this is on me for not researching) but kid content is only free for a year, after that you gotta pay a monthly fee which is cheaper if you are a prime member, but still...Now reason why I'm about to return them! You CANNOT get YouTube kids at all! No google apps. You can get some YouTube kids clones on the adult profile and add them to the kid's profile but they stink. They're full of commercials.So I wasn't expecting this tablet to be like an iPad but this is a deal breaker for me.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought the Kindle Fire Kids edition for my daughter. Very easy to install and download several varieties of apps and books and music and photos to customize to her interests. Very well built and easy to use. Compared to several other brands we have purchased this is by far the greater option.	Flatscreen TV
Kid prof and comes with free books and games I like it	USB-C Charging Cable
I liked it a lot for my four year old and it is kids proof	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great learning tool for our 3 year old she loves it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Wish it was easier to understand set up so children don't accidently charge to my account.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The only complaint is that you get a year free of Amazon free time but after that first year you start getting charged till you cancel.	Flatscreen TV
Protective, fast and has tons of fun games already on it! Our 7 year old daughter likes it, too!	27in FHD Monitor
I would recommend this to all of our friends and family. It's worth every penny. Good warranty, comes with a free subscription, works quickly and is very durable!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
bought for grand kids front camera rear camera wifi ready games they caN SKYPE SO MANY THINGS you can use it for 2 YEAR NO QUETION WARENTY its your best buy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
kids love it EZ to use great Quality bought this for the grand kids had super reviews also free Amazon for a year 2 year warranty its the best buy out there	Wired Headphones
Seems to be great but just need a little more time to play with it. The main user is nearly four years old. Happy with it and gets excited when using it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Purchased for our niece. She is 6 years old and it's perfect for her. She loves it!	ThinkPad Laptop
A Kindle that has a case to help with drops. Purchased on sale during Black Friday. Great deal on a great product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my 4 year old and he loves it! The child case is awesome too in case of any drops.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for kids. Lots of games and books for kids..	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for my 4 and 8 year old.... kid friendly, safe, and mom and dad enjoy it as well! Love that it comes in a protective case. Reasonably priced for a great tablet the kids love!	ThinkPad Laptop
My kid loves it and is easy to use.Plus the case is worth it.	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids love their kindles and love free time in it. Numerous educational games!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This holds my grandson attention on a regular basis.	Vareebadd Phone
Awesome for kidsIt's educationalI love the blue cover!!!	Wired Headphones
My daughter (4) she loves it. Easy to navigate, hard to break.	Lightning Charging Cable
Everything is locked out to Amazon, no compatibility with the Google Play Store and a lot of games the children play are on the Play Store. This product is bad because it is locked into only Amazon services.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Best thing I got my kids. They don't ask to borrow mine anymore.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My son loves the tablet. I like that Amazon give you free unlimited downloads for two years	27in FHD Monitor
I don't encourage a lot of TV watching so the Amozon Fire was a good substitute. It's great for travel. My granddaughter plays games as she learns. Good preparation tablet for introducing her to her next tablet in a few months. Using this one to teach responsibility as she learns.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My 4 yr old is fully capable of navigating to her favorite games, videos, photos, etc. I like the bumper case too. It has proved its worth already.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it and wrapped it up immediately. So I couldn't say either way if it was good or not.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good product for a young child to play with without breaking	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great tablet for kids. Keeps them busy with so much to do, watch, and create.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it as a Christmas present based on input from a friend of mine	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got this to replace my iPhone that my daughter constantly has to have to watch her Elmo videos. This is a durable perfect solution. She understands most of the apps and can navigate to watch whatever she wants. This comes with a warranty that if she does anything to break it, it will be replaced for free. That was the final selling point I needed!	Wired Headphones
I love my amazon fire tablet, I'm sure my kids will love theirs too!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Tablet is great, battery satisfactory. Case works great, within 10 minutes of opening the tablet, my grandson dropped it. No damage!!Easy to use. Highly recommend.	Google Phone
It's a very reliable tablet for the little ones. Most enjoyable feature is how you can control everything they look at and what kind of apps they use.	27in FHD Monitor
My son loves it and he's been using/playing with it every after school.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my daughter for christmas. I know she will like playing games on it	Apple Airpods Headphones
I would recommend this for kids ages 6 to 10. They can play al kinds of games that can be downloaded	Lightning Charging Cable
This is excellent for toddlers and also as they grow. Numerous things they can do on it and also nice to be abke to control it as a parent.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased these tablets for my grandchildren after purchasing 1 for another grandchild in October. They love them and their parents love being able to dictate how they use them.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this for my 4 year old. Seems like a great tablet for a young kid to use. I'll edit this after Christmas when I give it to her.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I previously purchased two of these for two other grandkids and they just love them and so does mom. She can set time limits, can limit access, and much more. Plus it comes with a two year guarantee , if the child breaks it, they will replace it. Did I mention that there is a sd expansion card slot to increase the storage capacity. These grandkids are 4 to 8 in age, but older kids would enjoy this also.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased 2 of this Amazon Tablet for my 2 kids - 4 & 3yrs old.They just can't keep there eyes off this they fondly call IPAD.My wife laugh every day when they tell her to recharge their IPAD.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my 3 year old and she loves it! Haven't had any issues!	Google Phone
Basically it does everything that adult Amazon tablet does	
my son loves his new tablet. now he can play his games without making a mess of my phone.	Lightning Charging Cable
I hope that Azi will like to have her own entertainment instead of playing games on the cell phone.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Sales people were helpful controller cable should be longer	USB-C Charging Cable
Its a good tablet. Fast, durable and easy to use. I especially love the parental features that are available. I am more of a fan of android tablets but for a little toodler this is far better.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this for my youngest grandson, age 4 for christmas and he will be receiving it shortly. Games have been downloaded and it will be charged and ready to use when he opens his gift.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The kid really love this kindle fire. The protection for the kindle help protect the kindle	USB-C Charging Cable
great table for kids and parents control great gre	27in FHD Monitor
I love the the Kindles!! Bought this for my grandson. Impressed with the 2 years no questions asked warranty.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It was a gift and she really loved it. It was an in-store service clerk that educated me on this product..	AA Batteries (4-pack)
haven't opened yet since its a Xmas present for my 2 yr. Old I love that there is a kids zone area where she can learn numbers letters shapes and has nice thick bumpers to keep it from breaking as well has a warranty if it breaks	Lightning Charging Cable
My grandson takes it on trips and he loves it. It's easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product and good customer services. The person I met in the store explained me all the features.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the warranty that comes with this! It makes it very conducive for kids to use!	Vareebadd Phone
Granddaughter loves it, easy for a toddler to hold and maneuver.	Wired Headphones
Amazon's devices get better and better each release. I've had the original Kindle fire and it's in no way an Apple iPad replacement, but what it does it does better than anyone. It's a perfect starter tablet and perfect for a child. The price keeps you from worrying about drops and the interface is easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased two of these tablets, one for my niece, one for my nephew, as they are often fighting over the tablet. It is a great platform, with awesome apps, and comes equipped with a very sturdy and rugged case. Five stars. Worth every penny.	Lightning Charging Cable
Someone recommended this to us for the 3 and 4 year olds. We bought two as gifts. Best Buy had the best prices. Kids love them and so do we!	27in FHD Monitor
Have had other products similar for the kids but this is the best by far. Best Buy had a great price too so decided to try it. Love it.	20in Monitor
This was purchased for my older grandson, age 6, for Christmas and as I stated in another review it has had games downloaded on it and will be ready to use when it is opened by him.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
She has dropped it a few times and the case is just great	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my five-year-old son he plays it every single day loves it great kid friendly tablet	Wired Headphones
My daughter loved it . Best gift for the price it comes with way more then I could have expected	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my daughter(3) and she can't even use it because it is NOT kid friendly. It is so incredibly slow!! It freezes often and does not seem to work without wifi like it is supposed to. Also was supposed to come with a year free of Amazon free time and we have been charged for it every month !( it requires you to put a card number in before initial use. ) Keep calling Amazon and the foreign people can't seem to figure out the problem. Don't buy!	27in FHD Monitor
For two girls that love to play games and take with them	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my Grandson's birthday. He really wanted a tablet and I wanted something that wasn't so breakable. He was so excited and he loves it	iPhone
I have two kids and they both love it. Its also nice because it is already setup for them.	27in FHD Monitor
I gave this Tablet to my nephew and he can't put it down. It is very Durable. Great Product!	
Love this tablet, it is better than my ipad! There are unlimited full length games, books, etc. I wait for my granddaughter to go to sleep, so I can play it! Great battery life, too. I highly recommend this tablet for adults and children!	USB-C Charging Cable
She loves to be on the tablet all the time . So now she will have her own.	27in FHD Monitor
My daughter is going to love this for christmas!!! Thanks best buy.	Wired Headphones
Great tablets, prefer over the Nabi anyday. Love the color choices	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Cumbersome, complicated and not kid friendly..... went with Apple, suggesting you do too.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my 2 yr old daughter. She was able to use it within minutes. She loves bed it, plays games on it everyday as well as we bought apps to read to her. She loves it all.	Google Phone
I bought 2 of these tablets for my two youngest children. They had a lot of options to chose from as far as children apps go, but they were already familiar with the iPad since they stole mine all the time. Lol. That made it hard for them as well as myself to figure out how to use at first. Besides that, it's a good product.	USB-C Charging Cable
Small and easy to use for children when traveling.	Lightning Charging Cable
My son and i use the tablet everyday 2 times morning and night and theres so much to do on it.	Google Phone
BOUGHT FOR MY GRANDKIDS AGES 5-10 AND THEY LOVED IT	Flatscreen TV
The kids feature is great. My 18 month old takes it with her everywhere. Love how I can block unwanted content from her profile. Very kid friendly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very easy for a child to be able to use and enjoy.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my kid - 5 year old Kid. Worth a buy. Recommended.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
In a field full of options, the Fire Kids Edition really comes among one of the top contenders. Great parental controls and great array of downloadable content makes this a great stepping stone into the world of tablets for kids. I see reviews that list battery life as a con, but at over six hrs. and for the price, what more do you need. I'm buying this for my four-year old and I'm not planning on her being on the tablet for six hours, let alone 8 or 9, which is what bigger tablets can handle. If you have older kids, perhaps you may want to consider a bigger, more powerful tablet. For the pre-school crowd, this is just a great tablet for both learning and entertaining.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Arrived yesterday as promised! Little one loves it	20in Monitor
Very nice tablet. Durable if dropped. My grand daughter loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my pre-k daughter but my teen-ager daughter took it for a try and she so love it!	ThinkPad Laptop
Great price for product. It's get of you have kids.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Only wish games worked without internet once downloaded	Vareebadd Phone
Great Tablet for children...comes pre-loaded with lots of applications for loads of entertainment for younger children. It also comes with a 2 year warranty at time of purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 3 and 2 year old download their own games.Easy to set up and get working. Thanks to parental Control, I know what they are downloading	Wired Headphones
I bought this tablet for my daughter and she loves it	Wired Headphones
We recently bought this tablet for my 3 year old son and he loves it! It is easy to use, have lots of apps available, the cover is durable and it comes with a 2 year warranty! The only problem for us is the battery won't last.. Overall an amazing tablet!	Wired Headphones
Absolute best for kids. Bought three for ages toddler to teen and it's perfect for each.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my young grand daughter to start teaching her basic colors and numbers. She uses it like a pro and we have a great variety of teaching games. Her parents just bought one for their house. Have been using for a year and still working like new.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 5 year old grandson really enjoys his new tablet. He's had it for several months. The only negative I see is the charge port is starting to get loose. The small plug is maybe not robust enough for a 5 year old.	27in FHD Monitor
Great to give to the little ones so they don't break my phone. Found it at a great price and used rewards to bring the price down more.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my 4 yr old as a Christmas present. I turned it on, and set it up. Pretty sure she will love it!	iPhone
My son loves playing with this tablet. Very easy to keep him entertained	Flatscreen TV
I can lock the screen so he can't mess anything up while I'm playing him an educational video plus built in case to handle and accidents this tab is golden	Apple Airpods Headphones
Pretty good tablet. Very durable and my son loves it, keeps him busy lots of game to choose from educational as well	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I need the Geek Squad to help me with the Amazon Prime I purchased it for 2 granddaughters but I don't want them to have access to my books.	Wired Headphones
Has been very durable with kids and easy to use. Great product for price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent Amazon fire HD for kids. Perfect for a holiday gift	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is one of the perfect tab for kids, I bought it for my niece and she loved it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It is well designed with a safe cover for kids. It also come with 2 year warranty. My son loves it already.	
I bought one last year for my 1 1/2 years old granddaughter and believe me, she loves it. She deals with it perfectly. We put a 128 GB card and downloaded music, videos and movies. And she finds everything. A few days ago I bought another for my twins grankids. They are only 11 month old but we are going to start putting their music and movies. With the bluetooth they will enjoy it. I got a Free in-store set up so their mom will learn how to use it.	27in FHD Monitor
This is a very good tablet for kids to use. You can set up time them to play game and time to read!	Lightning Charging Cable
I really like that my child is engaged with all of the different apps we have downloaded.	USB-C Charging Cable
A few problems with games loading but over all good	27in FHD Monitor
Can be dropped, thrown and doesnt break. awesome tablet	Wired Headphones
Loved this. Bought it for my 5 year old. Can't wait.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is perfect and appropriate for my grandchild	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet keeps them occupied. Other kids enjoy it while they are around with them. It keeps them entertained.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for little kids who have a problem with breaking stuff.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price - great shipping - great item! Perfect Christmas gift for our granddaughter!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves his own kindle! Very kid friendly and easy for him to use. It is great that he now has his own!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good features for kids, but definitely not enough storage. You'll need to get an SD card and set things to download to that or it will freeze and stop working.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for a family member with a disability. I didn't see any reviews for this purpose but so far it is working well. I felt the case would help if it was accidentally dropped.	iPhone
Got this for my 4 year old daughter, she enjoys playing games and reading books. A faster processor would me it better.	Lightning Charging Cable
haven't opened it yet as i bought it for my grand baby for christmas!....i'm sure she'll love it!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
bought for my grand baby for christmas....haven't opened it yet but the other reviews were great!.....i'' sure he'll love it!!....	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to play and very helpful to learning for children's	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tablet works will with Amazon video on our smart tvs as well as the firesticks.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great for kids. My grandson (5 years) is very happy with it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The idea is great, a kindle just for kids. Design just for them with pre-approved content.The price was great. I got it for $79.99 on black friday. Plus, it has a 2 year full replacement warranty. They break it, we fix it. Is that simple.Content, wow tons of apps, interactive books and videos.User Interface, not the best one. Amazon should create a computer base aplication to enable and edit all content.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought one of these for each of my grandkids and they love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my granddaughter and she loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Will work well for the purpose it was purchased. My child will love the fun and games that he can play. Very child appropriate and user friendly. I would encourage any parent to buy this product.	Flatscreen TV
My special needs 8 yr old has gone through two ipads at $200.00 each. The Amazon Fire Kids Edition is such a better option. It is loaded with thousands of appropriate options for games and movies without having to download or pay for individual apps. I can even use it in adult mode. I'm very happy with this purchase and highly highly recommend it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Young kids love it, easy to use and takes a beating but still cheap enough that if it does happen to break you don't break the bank too	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I thought it would be good for my 2year old he does awesome on a iPad but could not get the hang of the kindle fire	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this tablet for my 5-year old son, and it's an amazing tablet. It has two different user options available, one which an adult can use as a regular tablet and one just for kids with a password keeping them from messing with things they shouldn't have access to. I am loading it with the digital downloads of movies so my kids can watch it in the car on the go. For anyone interested in that, all you do is download it to the Amazon Play on the adult user side, go into settings and select Share for the movie you want your child to have on their side. It's great if your child needs a tablet but you don't want them to have access to the internet or run up cellular charges on games.	Lightning Charging Cable
When i purchased 2 if them i assumwd it would be kid friendly. Its fill with tons of bloat wear. The opening screen has about 15 -20 apps. It worse than a normal adult tablet. my kids dont use it at all because we have to unlock it for them everytime then open the kids app. Then we have to hover over them to help them ever step of the way.	USB-C Charging Cable
"When used with AMAZON Prime and the ""FreeTime"" app for kids this is a great tablet. Installed a 64 gb micro SD and install as many apps to the card as possible to insure that the tablet has enough free space to handle videos. Easy enough to use for our 5 year old granddaughter."	USB-C Charging Cable
"When used with AMAZON Prime and the ""FreeTime"" app for kids this is a great tablet. Recommend installing at least 32 gb of micro SD card storage and install apps to the card to insure that the tablet has enough free space to handle videos. Easy enough to use for our 2 year old grandson."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for our niece and nephew. We decided to unbox them and charge them up to be ready for Christmas day. After opening them, discovered they will not allow you to install any free apps or use them for much unless registered with an Amazon account and credit or gift card. I had absolutely no interest in giving a 4 and 7 year old access to one click shopping on my account so we returned these for android type kids tablets. There may be some way around this restriction, but I didn't find it.	Vareebadd Phone
Bought this as a gift so I don't know much about it. Seems nice though	Wired Headphones
"I'm a father of two. Both of my kids (6) & (10) got iPads last year for Christmas and love them, but I felt the iPad was lacking a little of what they really need. Purchased two of these and couldn't be more happier. Perfect kids tablet. Don't make the mistake I did and go with the IPad. This product nails it in every aspect the iPad wasn't in terms of a ""kids"" tablet"	Lightning Charging Cable
Durable case, easy to use. My grandkids watch nursery rhymes and play educational games. I've seen the youngest stand on the Fire and it is still perfect	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I read the reviews before purchasing this so I went into it knowing there will be apps pre-loaded that I will have to remove. That being said, I purchased this for my 7yo daughter and it is perfect for the purpose considering it includes the case and no-hassle protection guarantee.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughters first tab,I love that it has protected case and parental controls my son will be jealous because it has more memory than his	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great learning tool for the grand kids. Helps with there homework.	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter loves the device. Only had it a few days	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is great for kids, my 3yr old uses and it has fallen and the cover really protects it. The kids section is filled with lots of apps	27in FHD Monitor
Great starter to teach young children how to play games with parental control of what game,movie or music sites. And the plastic protector case is included	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was very pleased with how easy it is for children to maneuver.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I would would not recommend this for a child. It's not kid friendly at all. I have purchased 4 of them for my grandson and nephews and 3 was was damaged within a couple months. I think this product is is a better fit for adults.	27in FHD Monitor
Great tablet for the price. Add to that expandable memory and it's a great gift for the holidays.	Wired Headphones
Was a gift for 7 yr old granddaughter she just loved it one of her favorite item she plays with. It goes with her almost everywhere	USB-C Charging Cable
The Amazon - Fire Kids Edition is a great device for kids and parents to entertain kids during long or short trips	Apple Airpods Headphones
Best Buy and it's employees in the Granville, WV store made my Christmas. Thank you so much. I had ordered my product on line from Amazon and UPS lost my package. Never heard anything else from UPS when they said they would have the driver pick back up from where they dropped it wrong and bring it to me. Amazon did refund my money, but they were out of the product to reorder. Best Buy had my product and had it waiting for me when I got to the store. This was a Christmas present for my granddaughter . Thank you so much for having this is stock and getting it to me in less than one hour....Yay for best buy. I also bought a lap top a few months ago from the same store. Then today I bought a few other items. So happy with your products and especially your customer service.....	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My granddaughter like's her tablet, she has learning a lot.the case is durable and I was glad that the case came in pink.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very study tablets. 2 others grands liked theirs. Salesman was very helpful finding 2 different color models	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my grandson and it hasn't disappointed me at all! He loves his tablet! I am looking at buying his sister one next!	Lightning Charging Cable
My son loves everything about it the songs the games and music videos	Lightning Charging Cable
This is going to be a Christmas gift for my granddaughter so we don't know how good it is yet but we where going to put so games on it so it is ready to go and we couldn't because you have to have a amazon account to do anything with it.	Google Phone
It has all the features needed for my granddaughter and is easy to use. I'm am happy with this.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet brings hours of enjoyment educationally to the user,	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandson can operate the kindle fire with no problem. Just the right size for his little hands.	iPhone
I bought this and onother one in blue. The kids love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this tablet at my local store . The nephews love it	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy and simple for my grandson to use. Has no problem using it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Good value for the price and for the children. The apps are enough to let them play and read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really liked the many facets of the Tablet. Presence of Alexa does provide opportunity for Adults to play and surprise by it.The only caveat is Amazon Free Time is for only 1 Year which Amazon should increase by atleast 1 year for Prime Members but thats more of service and no complains on Tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a great tablet for a destructive 10 year old. It's still going strong for 2 months now	ThinkPad Laptop
We had been using the Nabi for our 3 year old, but after the reviews online about the dreamtab we decided on the amazon fire kids tablet. So far so good. Very easy for our son to navigate without worry about getting on unauthorized websites.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this and onother color at the same time. Great item no complaint	20in Monitor
Bought two as gift to kids. They love it very much	Apple Airpods Headphones
Aiden's is loving his tablet, using educational apps learning his letters and numbers	iPhone
Price was just right.i would recommend to someone.	Wired Headphones
My 2yr old daughter loves it! Perfect Xmas gift!	Wired Headphones
Great tablet and kid case. I just wish it came with kids apps.	27in FHD Monitor
Easy to use and great parental controls to limit or access content.	Google Phone
This is a great kindle for kids to use as it is very user friendly and once they get the hang of it they will not put it down.	Wired Headphones
So I was trying this out before giving it to my son and ended up playing the games for like an hour! Some of the games are amazing quality! Just like the cartoon shows, but more interactive. We bought 2 for my twins to use on an upcoming plane ride and can't wait to see their reactions! Love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is GREAT for my 3 year old and my 5 year old! They stay entertained and easy to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Amazon free time is very kid friendly. My 2 year old uses it with ease. Tons of kid apps for all ages	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet for kids as it is not too expensive and there is a 2 year warranty. If it breaks within 2 years, they replace it. My 4 year is very rough with things. My husband was letting him plug the charger in by himself and jammed it into the tablet, causing the charging port to break. I had no problems getting it replaced.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for my 3 yr old. Love the profile options and parental controls!	27in FHD Monitor
Great that you can get these in different colors to differentiate from the other one!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love that I could get it in a color! And it's just the right size for little hands.	Google Phone
Quality comes with apps installed durrible love the case	Lightning Charging Cable
We bought these knowing we had a couple of long plane rides ahead of us...we have not regretted them one bit. They are easy to use for the kids, come with lots of fun apps/games/books...Best part for us was being able to add a memory card, so we could add movies and as many apps as we needed without worrying about space.	Flatscreen TV
"Bought this for my 4 years old granddaughter and she loves it. It has all the books, apps, videos that she needs to learn and play. I love it cause she plays on it and leaves mine alone ☺. It has everything on it and I can set parental guides. Best buy ever! !"	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for my grandson who loves it. Easy to understand and lots of great apps to download. Forget the iPad - buy this instead and get the same functionality for way less money	27in FHD Monitor
Great product and lightweight. Battery keeps its charge. Would recommend this product to another young person	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect for my grandson I love the easy to use set up and parental control. I have recommended this to my friend for her children. Case is great	Lightning Charging Cable
What I really like is that you can set up different profiles( boy,girl and myself ) and still you can use any device to play to favorite profile.I bought 2 and kids are very happy.	ThinkPad Laptop
Nice tablet the colors and visuals are great and the many downloaded and downloadable apps that come with it are terrific. Something for all ages and very simple - my niece and nephew are 5 and 4 and they are finding it very easy to use. The hard rubber cover is a great extra - I had to buy a cover for the last tablet and it cost over $30 for something that sturdy and protective. Excellent Product..	27in FHD Monitor
My grandson used my old I Phone to play on. Got him this tablet and he loves it! Great deal!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Got this for my 7 year old daughter, she loves it. We read on it, she plays on it, there are videos on it, and she can't or hasn't found a way to break it yet. Well done Amazon, well done.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very sturdy for little people who might drop it easy to read	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am so delighted I purchased this tablet for my toddler son! Pros: The rubber case allows the tablet to take quite a beating, which was crucial for this purchase. Another huge pro is that adults can use the tablet under their own sign-on which works like any other tablet. From the adult sign-on you can customize what your kids can watch, screen time allowance, and add or remove apps for them. The price isn't bad compared to the price of adult tabletsCons:Kind of bummed I can't link my Google Play apps I purchased but I guess it makes sense this is not a Google/Android product. The battery life isn't all that great, but the charger is fast!I wish there was a freeze option that would prevent kids from hitting the screen while watching Netflix or other videos Highly recommend for anyone with young children. You won't be disappointed!	Wired Headphones
We was looking for a easy tablet that has all the great features and functions that a young child can learn and grow with. I will be a great Christmas present.	Google Phone
My son is very happy with this and so are mommy and daddy. No more asking for our phones and setting the time limit is awesome	ThinkPad Laptop
Awesome tablet with access to lots of apps. Great games and learning tools!	Wired Headphones
I got this because it is almost impossible to break	Google Phone
I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 4YR OLD. WE HAVE NOT TRIED IT YET AS IT IS A CHRISTMAS GIFT. FROM WHAT I READ THIS WILL DO THE JOB FOR HIM. THE PRICE AND COLOR WAS GREAT.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
my granddaughter has learned a lot of educational things on hers	Wired Headphones
Great for the kids, and has a good battery for how much they use it	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought 1 a year ago for our oldest kid. Came back this year and bought two more. Built really well. This is the best choice for a kids tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Wonderful tablet for the kids. It comes in nice colors and has so many nice features.	USB-C Charging Cable
My niece is going to love this! Great price and nice color.	Lightning Charging Cable
My niece and nephew are going to love this! I got it for a great price too. What a nice Christmas present	Wired Headphones
I received an email asking if I would like to give my review and I am glad that I did. I purchased this less than 2 months ago and it has already quit working. It will not charge and it will no longer power on. All I have is a black screen. When it did work, it dropped internet quite frequently and froze several times during use. I would not recommend this product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Had to get this tablet it was a great price and came with free amazon movies for a year, I just had to change the case.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great ! Geating this one for my grandson for Christmas! He plays with his sisters now ! Well protected when they drop them ! Great learning experience !	Lightning Charging Cable
I never have any issues with this company or products!	iPhone
I did some looking in the web and after looking at many tablets this was the best choice.	27in FHD Monitor
This camera is a great addition to my home I really like it	20in Monitor
I really liked the idea of this tablet being affordable for my niece and having a protective case was a plus. But after setting this up and giving it to her it works like a dream. Great way to give a kid something both fun and educational.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great beginner tablet for children. Bumper pad fantastic for protection from falls.	iPhone
She loves it, plays with it everyday all day. Thanks	Macbook Pro Laptop
it was very easy to sit up and get it to working and plying games and down loading	USB-C Charging Cable
Hard time getting the free apps to load and the voice app to turn off when my seven year old accedently turned it on.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Grand kids love it and it picked up the network in short order. They like the idea they have an iPad like the adults. Well implemented.	Wired Headphones
My 3yo is quite rough with stuff, as most are. And the case that comes with it is great!!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I like the fact that there is parental control plus by putting your child's age the kindle will only send you games that are designed for your child's age	27in FHD Monitor
I have a kindle fire and love mine so I decided to get one for each of the grandkids. There are so many learning games that are fun for them plus you have parental control	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's a durable tablet geared for younger kids. They can download games for their age level.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My almost 4 year old will recieve this for christmas this year but i set it all up prior. I love the parental locks and timers!!!! Soooooo many fun characters for her to choose from to enjoy at every level. The case is soft and light but sterdy!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my kid, it's great for him, the apps are good, the free time, bumper and warranty make it worry free!	20in Monitor
My 4 year old daughter loves it. She used the iPad a lot but dropped it and cracked the screen.	iPhone
There's not much difference in the regular Kindle. Wait till it goes on sale.	Lightning Charging Cable
We found there to be too many pop up ads and returned it.	ThinkPad Laptop
This children's kindle is great! I can't say anything negative about this product! Perfect for my 3 yr old and even my older kids who are teens like to play with it! I highly recommend buying this if you're considering any educational products for kids. You won't be disappointed!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for a kid! It is easy to use and play on!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love the learning games that he doesn't even realize they are learning games	Wired Headphones
So it is working great. She loves the learning games	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased this tablet for my grandson who is 4 years old. He loves it!	iPhone
Easy to navigate. Color is good. Duarable. My son has had many fun hours playing with it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent for kids. Great warranty and cool features!!	iPhone
My little one loves all free apps.Shes quiet on long car rides when she brings along Fire table.	ThinkPad Laptop
Best tablet for my 2 year old son... it has helped a lot and seems to be the most simple kids tablet system available	27in FHD Monitor
Great for toddlers and preschoolers. My 3 yr old loves it	USB-C Charging Cable
Really great item for the kids and very user friendly	Google Phone
Bought this for my three year old when I bought a new car with no tv in it. She loves that I can download shows and movies and then watch others on wifi.	Wired Headphones
My niece loves this tablet. It's very durable, but charges slow	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great learning apps. My 3 year old won't put it down.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have a four year old daughter who has learned a lot from using this tablet. The child feature is great because she can access everything for her age in one area ( with parental settings of course). I really love this tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i can allow kids what i want them to read or play with	Apple Airpods Headphones
It is easy and fun to use. This was a gift for my 4 year old granddaughter. She can play on it for hours.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my 2 year old son. He loves it. The case makes it so much easier for little hands to hold. He's dropped it a few times and it's pretty solid, no scratches!	iPhone
I bought two of these for my granddaughters and they are very easy to use and they love them.	Wired Headphones
Not only is it an excellent first tablet for a child, but it is a kindle. They can grow into it as well. And from studying up on the product before hand, I was able to determine that they have excellent customer service! That is a big plus!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love this tablet, great value, come with great protective case, preloaded apps are an awesome feature. The included 2 year protection is also a plus.	USB-C Charging Cable
Wonderful product to have for toddlers and preschoolers.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet was for my great-grandson and he loved it	USB-C Charging Cable
The tablet itself works fine but this is the 2nd one I have gotten with a similar problem. The port seems to come defected. The charger doesn't stay in and it takes a long time to charge. Replaced charger with a brand new one and it still has issues.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this for my 8yo daughter. A lot of the times it doesn't work, I have to restart it a lot, and it only has 3 apps that I added on it. It came with way too many pre-loaded apps, and the most annoying thing is that the kids profile is permanently horizontal. Not really worth the money for me, but at least she's playing her Inside Out bubble game on her own tablet instead of my IPad.	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet. Power connector could be better.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet is great for small kids because it is well protected and is preloaded with many games.Adults can also use it when required.You have to be careful what mode your in as your child may start trying to buy stuff on you!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love it!! My two year old loves to watch Sesame Street & football	Macbook Pro Laptop
Keeps my kids busy for hours the apps are excellent	
I would recommend this tablet for an older child. Maybe 7 and up.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect..grandson, age 16 months, just loves it! No worries if dropped.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
the tablet is just the right size for our granddaughter. she loves it. she can play her little games and has so much fun with it.	Google Phone
Downloaded movies for my son to watch and the audio is terrible, you could barely hear it so I returned it	Apple Airpods Headphones
My granddaughter loves this tablet. Perfect for a 5 year old	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's good for small children. They cannot get to setting too easily	Lightning Charging Cable
Absolutely love this tablet. Many of the kid apps don't require wifi. My son is even able to watch Mickey Mouse clubhouse episode while in the car without any internet connection.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wonderful educational tool for my niece with special needs.	Lightning Charging Cable
Originally I bought this for my 4 and 5 year olds. They loved it and so did I. So many things to do on them and so much of what they love. I now got it as well for my 2 year old. The best part of it all is the cases come with the tablets and they have 3 colors to choose from, so perfect for me.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Needed something for Christmas for five year old grandaughter. This hit the spot.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids are on their tablets for hours on end. I was able to download several preschool apps for them. They actually are learning very well. The tablet us simple to use and they can navigate themselves on the tablet very easily.	Flatscreen TV
I like it so and so my kids like it very much.The application is amazing.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids like it, and the application is amazing.I recommend it for all kids	Lightning Charging Cable
it was great for reading but the lag time for loading videos was a little bit longer than an iPad	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for younger kids as it keeps them occupied in many ways.and great learning tool.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Our 4 grand kids use these daily charge after charge sometimes .youngest is almost 3 oldest is 9 Just watch the charging cable connection easily broken if charging while using	Apple Airpods Headphones
Hard to connect to the internet. Extremely slow to load apps. Not many free apps like apple. The only thing I really like is the protection it offers.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kid friendly Great appsChild can learn many things with this tablet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my 18 month old son so that he can watch movies on our trip to LA and he loved it. Lots of games, apps and much more. Still learning more features about this product and we love it too.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It takes a little getting used to if you are used to Android	27in FHD Monitor
My only problem with this tablet is if you don't have internet you lose the pictures of the games you have installed and you have to guess to open them.	ThinkPad Laptop
Has everything you will ever need inside. For children and adultsA+++	Wired Headphones
I love this tablet and the games. But battery sucks. It goes dead really fast and it freezes up a lot.	USB-C Charging Cable
Limited activities for my son to surf the web and do the things he likes to do!	Wired Headphones
Got this for my grand niece, she loves it. Can't beat it for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is great for kids. I bought it for my Grandson and he is delighted with it. He uses it constantly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the color pink for granddaughter she loves carrying around her own tablet. Wonderful product. love the safety protective case great unit.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchase this tablet for my daughter's birthday and she absolutely loves it I am very pleased that she's not able to get online or to get on YouTube and watch crazy videos which she previously did with other tablets we have you actually get to pick the games and books to put on it you manage everything from the parent account and it is locked with your personal password and the kids can't get into it. I would say the only downfall is you cannot download anything from the Google Play store since it is an Amazon tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My niece loved it! I love that it is designed especially for kids. She	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for my grandson, he loves it. Purchased a blue cover for him	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I had bought a Nabi for my granddaughter and she finally broke it. Out of warranty, I just fugured I'd purchase another one since she is familiar with it. After reading reviews, decided kids are pretty sharp and can pick up new things quickly ( she's 4!). She had no trouble with it at all and my daughter says she loves it! So far no complaints from a technical standpoint.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I liked it so much I will e getting all my grandkids one for birthdays from now on.	Wired Headphones
Prob good for price but to many bugs. Freezes up often and games don't always load	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this item is not good ok ...no use for my kids ,,,	AA Batteries (4-pack)
These kindle tablets are beginning to get pretty cheap. Especially when the other kids tablets are relatively close in pricing. Nothing has gone wrong with this Kindle as of now, and our niece has been enjoying it. A kids account and adult account is made. The kids accounts has access to whatever the adults account allows. This is pretty standard in kids tablets, but this one handles it well. It makes it much easier.	27in FHD Monitor
I was completely under the impression that this tablet was child friendly but there are no built in restrictions so my son was able to purchase numerous apps and movies. My son usually uses my wife's ipad so I thought this tablet would be a good replacement but the interface is geared towards adults not a young child. If you buy this tablet, IMMEDIATELY change the settings to require a PIN to make purchases.I think the age recommendation should be 5+ not 3+.	LG Dryer
Very good product that I purchased for my godson. The only issue is the charger / charging port is having some difficulties. Will be bringing back to the store to have it looked at. My just be my 2 year old godson being a kid with it :) He loves it otherwise.	USB-C Charging Cable
Kids love it. Easy for them to use. Only issue is there is a ton of Ads that pop up.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I got this for my daughter, she enjoy playing this	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to use grandson enjoys it .plus the two year warranty you can't beat kids can be rough on tablets.	20in Monitor
We gave this tablet to our nine year old Grandaughter for her birthday. She loves it and we feel it is very sturdy. That is a very good thing when it comes to tablets and children.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet for a 1 yr old. At first was not interested and still not but bought in in case and maybe one day if they decided to use it on a road trip. Good product for the price	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am totally happy with this product for my two year old grandson..he enjoys it when we are all playing on our phones	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 2 yr old loves his tablet. Best purchase ever. It has great educational videos and is easy for him to work on his kids profile. Amazon got it right!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Kids will love this tablet, has a camera and kids can make movies with it. Wonderful for a child with a good imagination	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am very happy with this tablet. My kids spends hours of hours on this neat device.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for a great price. Timely & free shipping	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 21 month old daughter and she has already learned how to use it. What a great way to keep her busy and quiet at the same time. Thanks	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love this tablet.I bought it for my 5year old grandson and he lives it. The parental controls are outstanding	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this item for my 1 yr old and at first would not pay attention to it since he loves to run around. But when we are out its a good tablet for a kid and very durable since kids tend to drop toys. We use it to watch movies and even kid educational apps. It's a good buy for the price and to entertain the kids. Video quality is very good.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It was too slow he didn't put any attention to it. Battery didn't last.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a good tab for the kids, keeps them busy. Wish the speed was faster.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son is obsessed with his kids kindle!! A must have so they stay off your phone !	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for my kiddo! He loves to watch Sesame Street on it :)	Lightning Charging Cable
eady enough for my 3 year old to use by herself. Can turn it on and choose her app. Comes with s protective case. Great product for kids to learn on.	ThinkPad Laptop
I was impressed with the overall of this Kindle, it has so many nice features and easy access.	USB-C Charging Cable
We have dropped it a few times and the case is great. There is a ton of memory, great price. And how did I never know about Amazon underground. It's a great product and great price. I definitely recommend	Lightning Charging Cable
Download can be slow at times.Overall good product.	Lightning Charging Cable
Used it for learning apps for my 3 yo other than the fact that she put it in the dryer (while I was throwing clothes in there) and completely broke it, it works wonders. It's the 2nd one I've bought.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This size holds more apps and content. It's pretty lightweight too.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I've purchased other kids tablets, but this is the best. It's user friendly and interactive. My grandson carries it with him where ever he goes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
my great grandson loves this he plays games and looks at all his pictureshe is only 2	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for a 5 year old. Perfect for kids and as a first tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
It has been a great product for our son. Easy to use and excellent for learning and playing games. Video quality is very good as well.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my grandniece, keeps her entertained. Can't beat the price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My granddaughter loves it uses it a lot helps with her homework	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased this tablet for a 6 yr old and it is very easy for him to use.	ThinkPad Laptop
My son just loves it and he thinks it's easy to use and the case that comes on it has saved it	USB-C Charging Cable
Buy this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. She loves it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Setting up the device for my sons profile took a litthe more time than I expected, but I love it. It's easy to navigate and has a ton of preloaded activities for him.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my niece and she loves it. We take it everywhere.	USB-C Charging Cable
My 2 years old daughter really likes it. It's friendly and easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We purchased Amazon Fire kids edition tablet to occupy our almost 2 year old for a 10 hour drive to Florida. Works great and I love that there are apps that we can download from home and still access even without a wifi connection.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 13 year old niece who has autism and she loves it. Great price and great tablet for kids.	USB-C Charging Cable
alot of great free educational gaming, reasonable price only downfall is sometimes it runs a tad slower than a tablet	iPhone
So far so go it's been hard to find a good tablet for a 6yr old I believe we have found it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This deal it very convenient for Little ones all in one set	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought it for my niece who is 7 seven years old. She loves it and she learns from the applications included.	Wired Headphones
We bought this for our two year old grandchild he loves it we set up a screen name for him and he plays on it every night! He has dropped it several times and it's fine nothing at all wrong with it!! Very durable!	Google Phone
Its an alright tablet but I wish you could download more apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love to buy stuff at best buy Most of the employees are great at helping With everything i needEspecially JISSELA	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have two young sons. After their previous tablet broke, I had to decide on which new one to replace it with. There is a growing number of tablets and systems to choose from for kids now. Having had previous experience with an Amazon Fire Kids Edition in the past, it was hard to ignore the many great features that it provides. Although it lacks Google play, this is ideal for kids 3-8.	iPhone
This tablet is just the right size for my son's hands. Easy for him to use	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice for kids. Like the free apps built in the device. Can control what and how long they get to use screen time	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tablet for a little kid. I was debating between this and an ipad but figured an ipad would be way too much for a tablet. Its nice because you can switch users. If you want something simple , then this is the one for you.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Exactly what I needed for my hand daughter. She loves it and leaves mine alone.	iPhone
My son's love there tablet. Great but for the price	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I buy this tablet for my nephew and he is happy with it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for kids my boys love their tablets!!	Wired Headphones
This is a great tablet for children and really has an easy to use format. The apps work well and keep the kid entertained by not distracting them with the mechanics.	Flatscreen TV
First time using Amazon Fire programming. So far my child and I love the apps and programs. I really love the parental limits and time limits I can set. And that I can set learning and reading limits before play.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my daughter's 4th birthday, I love how easily she can just click and download whatever she wants without bugging me for passwords. The 2 year worry free guarantee is also very nice to have since kids will be kids!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
After owning the kids Samsung, this seems confusing to navigate. Also they have returned to using the Samaumg	Wired Headphones
This is great if you have two kids and want to give them a tablet to play with. My problem is that my child is dyslexic and this is the lowest level reader that currently supports audible.com... that is the hardware supports audible. In order for my child to use audible I had to disable all of the family features and try to turn it into a reader... I was sad because there are lots of great family features that I had to disable.I did not use geek squad, I reached out directly to kindle support. Pre-sales, they could not tell me the difference between the free and paid family packages. I had to get to a senior person to help me figure be out why audible did not work and the to disable the family features ... even then, I could not disable the Alexa app. My child has full access to Alexa and the rights to turn on shopping.... kind of scary.So my disappointment is that Amazon does not make a kid friendly kindle that we can have audible.com on for my child's learning disability.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet is great for kids. It has so many apps and videos that can be downloaded. It has a nice size screen as well. The only thing I don't like is the charger.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
He loves it. Helps him learn and teaches him how to count	Lightning Charging Cable
Helps keep my son entertained on long rides, and it's pretty indestructible.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
MY children love their new Amazon Fire Tablet. Quality picture and sound.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great product for keeping our 2 year old entertained . She no longer asks for our phones which is a big bonus !	USB-C Charging Cable
Grandson picked it up & used it right away. He enjoys the tablet.	iPhone
Great for my four year old. She is able to access all her learning games with ease.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to use and teach my granddaughter not easily breakable	Vareebadd Phone
my grand daughter and grand son love to play games on their kindles plus their mother put programs on there so they can learn	USB-C Charging Cable
Absolutely love Kindle Kids Edition. Easy to use. Great apps and love it comes with 2 year warranty. Must have for my 2 kids.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
bought this for my 6 year old grandson who's a bit rough but loves to play games and read...he loves it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daugther is loving this so farOne issue charging port is weak and having a hard time charging	USB-C Charging Cable
lots of games, love that it has the option to use as a regular tablet, and my kids love the case because it makes it easier to hold and to prop it up when they are listening to books and such! Has parental controls and is all around awesome for kids!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet for my son so he could have something to entertain him on our road trips. It works great. I love the child-proof case that it comes with. My only complaint is that the interface is slow sometimes. I'm honestly not surprised though, because it runs off of Android. I typically avoid Android but I figured I would give it a shot. After using this tablet, I think I will avoid using Android products again. Besides the slowness of the Android OS, it is still a great tablet.	20in Monitor
Works well my little loves it,battery life great..	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this as a replacement for my child's iPad. Took her a little while to learn the new OS but once she got the hang of it it was pretty easy. Lots of content and excellent at the price point.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought as birthday present for grandson and he plays with it daily and with the case on it he hasn't broken it either.	iPhone
Great for small children allows for limited time setting. Also allows parents to set a requirement for how long educational apps must be used before free time. Case works well	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My granddaugther constantly drops her tablet and this is perfect for her.	Wired Headphones
Great purchase for my son's 6th birthday. He love it and the kid account is a great addition	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 8year old son, he loves it just has very limited games on it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect tablet for my niece. Don't have to worry about her getting into anything she's not suppose to. Also don't have to worry about her watching things that aren't appropriate for her age.	Vareebadd Phone
Purchased these for our grandchildren ... great for children learning to use electronics.	Lightning Charging Cable
I highly recommend this product for children with special needs	Wired Headphones
It is a nice tablet for kids and my son enjoys it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My son loves his tablet!!no matter how many tapes he drops it its still works great!very satisfied with my purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works well and looks great for kids. Limited internet access though.	Apple Airpods Headphones
You get what you pay for. Playtime works when it wants to. Went on a long trip and the videos we downloaded had issues playing most of the time. My son is almost 2. He gets bored of it quickly. The pros are the price and it is well protected externally.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Thanks children are help but changed don't work good.	USB-C Charging Cable
Such a great deal for a small fee, just right for a toddler of three.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this for my grandson and am very pleased with the quality. The case protects it well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this item for my 3 year old son. It's very durable because he drops it a lot on purpose but most importantly it has a ton of educational activities for him.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good tablet fir children 3 and up , especially when you go on a vacation, long plane or train ride .	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Awseome tablet for kids. I would recommend this tablet for all age groups.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This product works, but works slow compared to Apple and some Android phones/tablets. Like I stated in my summary... you pay for what you get. No major issues thus far.	Vareebadd Phone
Definitely a good product children of all ages in elementary school.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my 3 year old after he broke my tablet. It is perfect for him! I love that it comes with all the games and apps. He has dropped it several times and no issues.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good tablet durable lots of apps just right for 3 year old	Vareebadd Phone
Ok I purchased this tablet specifically for my two year old for her birthday. So far she loves it but gets tired of the kids included amazon trial videos. So I end up logging into my user account for her to be able to go on YouTube. But she really likes and enjoys her new tablet. Over all it's a good tablet for kids. What had me on purchasing this tablet was the free no question asked replacement warranty. She has dropped it many times but the included foam case has protected the tablet every time.	Lightning Charging Cable
Has all the functionality a child needs with easy parental controls. Like the child profile with only approved content.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My son loves it! So many great games, audiobooks and apps for kids, and we love the timer feature so we can set time for him to let him play before bedtime. Very worth it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Cool tab. Must buy for kids. Amazon need load apps	Google Phone
I bought this for my grand daughter, she previously had a Nabi. I like the fact that she can use the hot spot on our phones and she can log on to view her favorite shows.My grand daughter is seven, but she also looks at movies and programs that her one year old brother can enjoy. The tablet is light enough to take along any where. It also has a protective shell which is a plus when you have an active seven year old.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my son for Easter. He loves it and easy for him to use. great for different apps for learning.	ThinkPad Laptop
I love this table for my 4 year old. Ttje parental controls are Awesome! I also like that it changes up the games for her so she won't get board!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my 3 year old. Very rugged and easy to use. Love it uses the android apps and kiddo loves it.	Google Phone
Wish it was a bit faster loading and browsing, but functions as you would expect for kid friendly product. I would spend the extra money next time for a tablet designed for adults but had strong parental controls	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Absolutely love this tablet. This is the second one we have purchased for our 1.5 year old. Our 3 year old has one as well	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'm very with this kids friendly tablet. My daughter she uses my iPad and I decided to look one perfect for her...two years warrantee.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm not huge on kids using electronics, but my son (4) loves this when we take trips as he can play some of the downloaded games. We love it for when we want to get stuff done and still want him to be occupied and this does the trick. It's a little hard to navigate at first though.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great for the kids and protection is good ! and best buy is making me write more stuff here so that people can go ahead and buy this product...	Lightning Charging Cable
My 3 year old daughter loves playing on her fire. The apps are all very entertaining and easy enough for her to use.The only thing I have had difficulty with is accessing youtube or the internet.	Google Phone
You get what you pay for Was not to happy but for a 3 year old it's ok	
You get what you pay for Was not to happy but for a 2 year old it's ok	Google Phone
My daughter loves it. Parental controls are simple makes it easy when monitoring what my kid is in to	Lightning Charging Cable
This was purchased for my grandson. It has been easy for him to use. Love the parental controls and free time mode. The included bumper case is a bonus.	20in Monitor
This tab is great for kids and parents alike. I recommend this product to others.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I loooooove this tablet as well as my 3 year old with all the kids apps make it way more fun and safe for kids to enjoy	ThinkPad Laptop
It's a good tablet for a young kid. A little hard to navigate even for adults. Cant figure out how to navigate the internet!	27in FHD Monitor
Great price, great item and high quality, simple to buy on line and pick up	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Needs to be a way to lock screen. Kiddo loves the device for books and movies on long road trips but accidentally turns off screen or clicks out of it.	Wired Headphones
My daughter love it, she always get busy with it..	Apple Airpods Headphones
So far this tablet has been efficient. It kinda bad is difficult to use and it seems to require a lot of steps to get the kids profiles set up and it actually does not do everything I hoped it would.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my two year old grandson but the restrictions were too much.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy setup nice size only thing is the charger cords need to be more sturdy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased these tablets for my twin boys knowing they are extremely rough the 2 year warranty was a definite plus. i purchased these in February/March I believe and have had 1 replaced. Not due to physical damage but the screen turned white on the center on 1 of them. The only issue I have is when we are not connected to wifi they are only able to access limited items such a puzzles and a few apps. i also noticed that some of them require licensing updates. Which are inconvenient only because it seems to happen when we are not near wifi. Other than that i love them and my boys love them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my granddaughter who is 2 and was able to load all the apps and books as well as her Disney movies. So far she has been unable to access anything that I don't want her to. And it has been able to withstand frequent toddler abuse.. Aka.. Throwing it. Definitely recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter absolutely love her tablet and I love it to for her. It's very kids friendly	Lightning Charging Cable
We love the parent controls and durability. We would definitely buy another.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Worked great ..... it entertained my 2 year old just great.	Lightning Charging Cable
My grandson really enjoyed this product. Good deal.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Both my 2 year old and my 4 year old love this tablet!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for learning apps and surfing internet for my 7 year old kid and also good protection	27in FHD Monitor
Good age appropriate learning tool for kids. There is a variety of apps kids can download to keep them from getting bored. Overall a good tablet for the kids.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my son's 7th birthday and he loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Grandson is enjoying this tablet very much lots of learning games to teach him plus having fun too.	Lightning Charging Cable
Battery dies after an hour...should last longer for the money. Will not bold charge.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my 2 year old since he broke his portable DVD player. The only think I don't like is i had to sneakily download the google App Store so I could install vudu on it.	iPhone
This tablet has grt performance and good camera and long backup. 2 year warranty make lifw more easy for parent's.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love it he is three and does everything on it so many learning games he likes to play he does amazing with it	Macbook Pro Laptop
I got this tablet to replace my sons old one, I love the adult/child profile and the ability to have the 2 year replacement warranty. The case has also came in handy many times.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This tablet is very ideal for kids...it comes with a great case that protects it well.	Vareebadd Phone
This is a great tablet. It keeps my kid occupied for hours if I need to.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is a perfect gift for kids and great warranty...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought the tablet for my 2 year old as a birthday present. I downloaded the apps I thought he would enjoy and handed it to him. He caught on to some really quick while others hes still a little young. Overall the quality and durability is excellent.	Lightning Charging Cable
We have an iPad but bought this for the kids unlimited prime content. We have enjoyed it and it has a lot that the iPad doesn't. The menu could be more friendly but I like the parental limits it has.	27in FHD Monitor
Nice and durable good for the kiddos but they like it so much you do have to limit their time on it	Wired Headphones
I purchased for my 7 yr old grandson to use for playing games. He is very happy with it. It appears to be a good buy .	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is great for kids, it grows up with them, all the apps are good. My kid loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the second Kid's version of the Fire that I've purchased and I think it's a good deal. Since it's really for my kids to watch Netflix - I was looking for a cheap option. I thought about getting the $50 option, but I would have bought a case and paid to turn off the ads anyway. So adding it up, I feel like I didn't spend much more than I was going to anyway - AND I get the 2 year warranty included. Not bad in my opinion. And it does a fine job with Netflix streaming so far.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My grandson is 2 years old and loves his tablet. I do recommended for young kids	USB-C Charging Cable
grandson really enjoys this and plays with it all the time	iPhone
Great tablet to teach young children . Grandchildren love it to watch favorite you tube shows	Lightning Charging Cable
My granddaughter LOVES it! LOTS of kid-friendly apps for a 5 year old!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my eight year old. She absolutely loves it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a gift for my toddler grandson. He loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It doesn't get five stars because there is an issue with the plug in for the charger. It won't plug in all the way it stays loose and comes out. Other than that it's just with my grandson want it he loves it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the ipad its very helpful my son has learned alot and i hope that it will help other kids too as they prepare for pre k	USB-C Charging Cable
Always content with best buy and their products. I would definitely recommend.	Apple Airpods Headphones
purchased for my grandson. He loves it. When setting up be sure to update the software	AA Batteries (4-pack)
works great for my 2 year old. I don't like that it requires a pin to use it but goodidn't and strong tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is very good for my daughter of age five.	Wired Headphones
My daughter loves the games/videos that she can watch on it during the day and my wife uses it to read on during the evening. This thing gets used a lot! Couldn't be happier with this purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves her kindle! Seems to keep her busy!!	USB-C Charging Cable
It was easy to set up. My grandson has enjoyed the broad selection of activities from which to choose.	USB-C Charging Cable
We love this table for our 5 y.o. It gives him the sense of independence he wants and me the sense of calmness knowing I can control what he gets on and how long he can spend in screen time!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The fire kid edition 7 is good but not great. Volume is pretty low. But my son throws it around and it doesn't break. Case is stone hard. I also the the brightness on the screen can be a bit low.	Lightning Charging Cable
After buying this tablet for my grandchildren I was going through the initial setup procedure.That's where I was surprised to learn that after using this tablet for a year I would be charged fees to continue with the selected programs I used for a year.Time to take it back to the store. No hidden fees.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It was working great then all of a sudden it wouldnt come on	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I cannot believe i bought this junk. It's always in freezing mode and i have to reboot it multiple times within a given hour. None of the apps work properly. I have tried to update the op. system, but that didnt help.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good beginner tablet for kids. Could use a better resolution screen, but overall it is good.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids love this tablet. There are over hundreds of games, books, and shows to pick from	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my granddaughter she will be 2 in a few months and she loves it! Very sturdy and the bumper that it comes with has shown to do what it is intended to do. Would highly recommend this product for kiddos!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Super slow, not of decent quality.I would not buy another. Memory on it is lacking for 8 gig. I will not recommend it to anyone	Wired Headphones
My daughter can't get enough of this tablet. The only thing I would suggest that you have YouTube kids as a pre installed app. The adds are ridiculous for children when you download it from the App Store.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 4yo loves this. He can maneuver it easily to go from different games and videos. Stays charged a long time.	27in FHD Monitor
Parental controls are key. My boys can download games within the parameters I set and I get notification of any purchases. 2 year no questions asked replacement is key.	USB-C Charging Cable
Overall good tablet for kids. My 6 and 3 year olds both enjoy it. Battery doesn't last anywhere near 7 hours though.	20in Monitor
It's really a good product to buy for kids. A lot of educational games . They can their favorite kids show from youtube, Netflix etc. The cover is really good. I'm gonna another one for my daughter.	ThinkPad Laptop
For the price this is a great investment. With amazon prime it becomes loads of fun	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son loves it. It is easy for him to use. He doesn't want to put it down.	Lightning Charging Cable
My Grandson can't put it down! With access to so many educational apps and games, you really can't lose.	20in Monitor
Grandkids fight over this. My daughter also uses this. Very good and user friendly. Would buy again.	Macbook Pro Laptop
You have the ability to set up on and off times for your child's profile. The apps are good and adults can use it as well, because you can have multiple password protected profiles on the tablet at once. This was perfect for my five year old on a five thousand mile plus plane trip.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought it for my 3 year old daughter and she loves it. Get purchase!!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Don't shop around! Great parental controls. Easy to set up	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My 4 year old daughter loved it. Also for my 2 year old baby	Wired Headphones
My daughter loves this. She uses it for both games and educational apps, as well as listen to music.	Flatscreen TV
I have bought 2 of these for my grandchildren. They live them!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought on for my 2yo nephew ad he and his cousins love it. Going to buy another for my other nephew so they no longer have to share.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 3 kids aged 9,7,and 2. They all use it with ease. They each have their own account with appropriate games. We like the protective cover that absorbs drops and falls well.	Flatscreen TV
We bought the kindle fire to replace a broken iPad 2, which was now out of date for any further updates. I love the parental controls. The case has been a savior for a few drops. My daughter loves the size of the tablet. The 2 year replacement plan and 1 year unlimited FreeSpace makes this the perfect tablet for my child. She loves that she doesn't have to ask everytime she wants a new game or video. We chose to expand the memory up to 128gb with a microsd and so no worries about running out of storage space! My only complaint is that the battery life isn't anywhere near the power of an iPad. So keep your charger with you!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Plan to buy a second a second Amazon Kindle for a hi e year old.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my daughter and she loves it. Keeps her busy for hours.	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter loves this tablet. She cant keep her hands off it...	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet has been great for my three year old. Only complaint is that you can't turn off the app download function on free time or see a complete list of what has been downloaded.	Apple Airpods Headphones
great the kids love it for learning on and great on long trips	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Overall very good product for kid. Much robust and easy to operate.Only downside is that it is sometimes very slow.	USB-C Charging Cable
Once the games are downloaded it was great for long road trips.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my 4 year old she loves it never outs if down	ThinkPad Laptop
Was a great birthday present for my son that only gets to use it when it's absolutely necessary.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I needed this for my daughter and needed a tablet that cal handle all my daughters apps and have parental saggy This has it all	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the girls, they love it. Easy to use and great with amazon prime.	Vareebadd Phone
My two year old learned how to operate my smart phone so I decided to get her a tablet. After looking at various toy and educational versions, this seemed like the best choice. The preloaded apps are fun and educational. The ability to set daily time limits is great as I didn't want this to becoming a replacement for playing outside or an instant babysitter. Also the ability to switch profiles and operate like any other kindle fire is nice for when my wife wants to read. Great deal with a good manufacturer warranty. Very pleased with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I didn't want to buy my 8 year old something really expensive but I wanted a good device so I tried this out and she loves it. The case that comes with it makes it almost indestructible.	20in Monitor
I bought this device recently for my daughter, she likes it very much. She learning new things. I also gifted this device to my friends Son.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect device for kids learning how to use touch devices. Great tool for learning.	Lightning Charging Cable
This tablet works great but the only down fall is often times it slows down. Other than that great tablet for children at a good price.	LG Dryer
My granddaughter loves this tablet. It's the perfect gift for a 2 year old	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kid loves it. It's really convenient for us to put educational games on it for him.	Wired Headphones
Great gift, for my kid's second birthday! This product is very child friendly and easy to use! I recommend this product for families!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Glad that I get to control the time spent on which sure site and apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy for a 5 year old to learn.. the apps on the Tablet are very good.	27in FHD Monitor
Love the idea of it. Not as easy to put the DVD movies on it .	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a good tablet for kids and comes with a good warranty	Apple Airpods Headphones
Was thinking of getting my 5 year old her own Ipad or the kindle. I'm so glad that I picked the kindle, it comes with a kids version of her own log in and is so easy for her to find appropriate games, movies, and apps, even though she can't read yet. She loves it too!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
my kids love the kids fire they use it every single day. its durable.. I can put parental control on certain things.. great buy	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased 2 others for my 5 & 6yr-olds, and my 3yr-old niece enjoyed playing theirs so much I then bought this one for her. The included 1yr subscription to free-time is awsome for the kids! Parental controls are great, and included apps are helpful.The lower rating is because the charging port was extremely loose, as the cord falls out ALL the time! Very Frustrating!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 6yr-old & am impressed w/the 1yr subscription to free-time that was included, and the additional 2yr manufacturer warranty. The actual tablet is very easy for my daughter to use, and am very happy for the parental options. Also think included apps are helpful. Really like the additional user options, so anyone can have their separate preferences set up. The reason I didn't give 5 stars is because since purchasing the charging area on the tablet doesn't hold the cord at all and is always constantly falling out which is extremely frustrating!	Wired Headphones
My kids really seem to like this. I really like the ability to set usage times which helps them learn to budget their time.	20in Monitor
I bought this tablet for my granddaughter. She loves it, it's easy for her to use, and just right for her size.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bough this for my daughter and it's perfect for her little tiny hands, I just wish that the screen would lock when she is watching her shows because she gets excited and touches the screen and it pauses or chances the show or it goes to other apps. Overall it's a great product for a small child	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My daughter loves her tablet. I couldn't have made a better purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the third Kindle Fire in my household, but the first kid's edition. I absolutely love this thing. It's very intuitive if you've ever used another android style device. My 6 year old and 3 year old both have a their own profile, each linked with different movies/games. Setup was pretty easy with choosing preferred content based on characters/themes appropriate for their age group. Moving our Disney and other digital copies of movies was equally easy after signing in. The battery lasts about 4.5 hours before needing a charge, which is plenty for our use. The biggest complaint is that the micro USB connection isn't the best. The cord has a tendency to come loose and stop charging if the device is jostled even the tiniest amount. I've seen this problem with other Kindles as well. This is aa bunch problem if you think that you're charging it overnight only to find out that it stopped when you set it down. It also makes it very difficult to use during a charge. The amazing amount of content that you get from the Amazon library with the included year is nice as well. My 6 year old gets to try a bunch of games that I otherwise wouldn't let him try since I'd have to pay and he most likely get tired of after 5 minutes. Overall, I'd say the best kid tablet out there.	Wired Headphones
I love that the kids can only do what you allow them to they can't get to the internet unless you put it on there profile which I don't because I have a four and 2 year old, there apps are very easily accessed and are big so they can b seen very well . also these tablets double and can b used as a regular tablet for grown ups	Wired Headphones
There is nothing spectacular about this item but also nothing majorly wrong with it. The biggest flaw is that this is geared to kids and there is no way that I have found searching settings or online to lock the touch screen so that a video keeps playing if the child hits the screen. This means lots of times helping get back into the movie or show rather than just relaxing like an iPad can do with guided access activated.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my niece and she loves it. I like the fact I can set limits on her tablet and restrict her access until she has read. Only downside is the case doesn't have a kickstand so that the tablet can be placed upright for viewing videos/movies. But a new case can be purchased.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My grandson is very happy with his Kindle. The case protects it very well.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the best purchase I've mad in a tablet my daughter loves it	Wired Headphones
Got this for my kids they wont put it down but can be confusing with setup	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased for the grandkids to use while they are visiting. They never seem to get bored.Tip. Make sure you have it password protected or you may find a rapid run up in charges!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works great and have not had any issues. The case is great for younger kids	Lightning Charging Cable
My 3 year old got it for his birthday and he loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
The layout of the tablet is good. Internet is terrible.	Google Phone
Great for my one year old baby,he loves to play games and watch movies..	Wired Headphones
I recommend it for kids .great for find games easily.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My four year is very tech savvy better than some adults!Great for shaping her real world experiences.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We got this for our three year old daughter. At first she was not interested it it at all she just wanted my tablet but once she got use to it she now prefers it to my iPad	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my 5 year old and he loves it. Fairly easy for him to use and me to monitor. Definitely recommend the case.	USB-C Charging Cable
A gift to my 2 year old granddaughter. It came preloaded with child programs. She quickly learned how to access the programs. Parents now have their iPad back...very well protected for tosses and drops	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids have really enjoyed this tablet. This makes car rides a lot easier. They both can create and learn and they love the camera.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is the best for kids. Switching from kids to adult is awesome! Works perfect and has lots and lots of apps for kids	Wired Headphones
We bought this for our 7 year old and at first we had some issues loading things, but things seem to be working great now. He loves it and he can play games and load apps. Just what we wanted it for.	Wired Headphones
Purchased this for my Down Syndrome sister who enjoy playing games on it.	Google Phone
This is a great tablet for my 3 year old grandson. The cover is great in that, if he drops it, it won't break! Great buy	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought one for my son for his birthday. Loved it so much I bought a second one for my self.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My 5 year old dropped this from a standing position (about a foot off the ground) and it busted. I had to use the BB warranty to replace it the day after purchase for a fall that the tablet should've been able to handle that is designed for kids. I'm happy with the apps, but definitely not thrilled with the lack of protection that is designed for kids.	Wired Headphones
Great tablet for my kiddos they love these kindle fire kid tablets and they are very strong hold up to a lot. Price is great too.	iPhone
I love amazon fire tablets so I bought a tablet for each kid and they love it. You can't beat the price will differently buy more later on.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Was ok till it fell off table landed flat face down the broke screen my granddaughter threw unit and didn't break but it fell then broke so what good is bumper on unit if that happens	Vareebadd Phone
I bought two of these for my two grandchildren. (A 4 year old boy and a 2 year old girl) So, I bought one in pink and one in blue. We down loaded age appropriate games and they are lifesavers!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My grandaughter is enjoying this tablet. I would recommend to all parents for their young kids.	Apple Airpods Headphones
my son has been using our computer and we got him this and he never looked back.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My child loves playing with the Kindle fire. It is entertaining and educational.	Google Phone
I didn't find it useful for my 4yr old daugter so i returned it the other day.All the games in it r so kiddy games.	iPhone
MY DAUTHER LOVES THIS TABLET, IS EXCELLENT FOR A 3 YEARS OLD CHILDREN	Apple Airpods Headphones
My daughter like her tablet it's so simple to use.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great product easy to set up and use my child loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
Our kids love it and the Amazon unlimited is fantastic with tons of options. However, our kids still fight over usin our grownup tablet bc the screen is larger.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent tablet for my grandkids. Durable. Awsome 2 year free replacement if damaged for any reason	Wired Headphones
This is great to occupy your child on the long road trip or just when you need a break from entertaining the little one. Works great and they can damage or mess up their own toys without using your cell phone or other adult device.	Product
This was a gift for my 5 year old granddaughter and she loves loves loves it!!!	20in Monitor
Highly impressed with my purchase. Allows me to use my iPad again since my 3 years old granddaughter finally has her own tablet. Great support and numerous educational apps for children!	Wired Headphones
Great tablet, kids love it and have their own. Easy to use	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love it and I brought two more for my Grandson and God Daughter.	Google Phone
This was a huge hit with my seven-year-old grandson. I came in to replace a broken tablet and they were no longer available. So I chose this one and it's better than ever!	27in FHD Monitor
My son is fascinated with this tablet, and iam too.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought 2 of these tablets for my Grandsons that both have Autism. They can be very hard on things and this is 1 tablet neither boy has been able to break yet. they are very easy for them to use and they LOVE them. The only thing with them is you need an Amazon account for them.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My brother told me about this product. I bought it for my son and he loves it.	Vareebadd Phone
This was a Christmas present for my 3 year old son. He loves having his own 'pad pad'. He sees everyone else with a tablet and can now play age appropriate games and watch his shows without me having to worry.	27in FHD Monitor
My sons love playing on their tablet. Not only does it allow me additional time to get things done but they enjoy the educational apps provided.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It ended up being the most popular gift that she got it does a wonderful job for children	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My grand baby is two years old and she absolutely loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids enjoy this tablet, as do I! The only downfall so far is the brightness does not dim very much, even on the lowest setting so my kids are not allowed to use it in be.Also uses a ton of memory, even though no additional applications have been downloaded since purchased and no photos taken.	20in Monitor
Got this for my daughter 2nd birthday and she absolutely love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
My grandson really enjoys this tablet, ease of use and lots of different educational programs. Must remember to charge tablet everynight.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Easy to use, very durable, kid mode extra safe, password needed for purchases and parental mode. All in all a wonderful tablet to own.	Google Phone
This is one of the best tabs for kids to start with.Rugged and sophisticated.	iPhone
Our children tend to forget to get gentle with the kindle so the replacement plan is great. And I don't have to worry about the wrong kind of content popping up. It's a relief.	Wired Headphones
I like the covered protection it has and also it comes with 2 years replacement so no need to worry. It has fire os so apps won't be much but there are enough apps for kids .	Lightning Charging Cable
We got this tablet for our toddler. The setup was going great. Installed all the apps from Amazon and transferred them to his account. Then we went to load Netflix for him. To say it's been frustrating with the Netflix app is an understatement. We had to completely reset the tablet to factory settings twice. Netflix does not work well with this tablet. It either takes too long to load and times out or will not load at all. It takes several attempts to get Netflix to load but then it works. That's the only complaint. Other then that it's great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My daughter who is two loves it. She colors and dose puzzles	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Serves its purpose for the price. Would much rather have the iPad for ease of use, but it is well protected and good my my toddler to play with and not make me worry about it being broken.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my daughter to use. I know the regular amazon fire is cheaper, but this one came with a bumper, a two year no question warranty and a one year subscription to free time which allows kids to read lot of books and play great games for free. In the end it's a great deal.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son loves his tablet or at least that's what he calls it	Macbook Pro Laptop
Simple to use and my kids pove it. Too bad the unit has so much Ad's	Lightning Charging Cable
It's good for toddlers. Would recommend to another parent.	20in Monitor
He loves to play games and watch videos and take pics	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Kid proof and works well!! There are plenty of apps too!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really love this tablet for my toddler! The only things I have against it are that there is no kickstand on it, it may lag at times, and there is no way to lock the screen so the movie can't be exited. Other than that it's a great tablet.	Google Phone
I bought this for my Don's second birthday and he loves it. My five yr old loves it also. Very easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet has great storage capacity. I have downloaded all kinds of children's movies and learning activities. It's great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great learning tool. Kids love it and so do I. So fun to share time with the kids laughing while learning.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for kids to learn puzzles and letters. Has tons of activities for children and a full tablet for adults perfect if you have pime!	USB-C Charging Cable
My grandkids love it. They use it at home and when we travel.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 10yr old stepdaughter wanted a camera, but after Christmas, Best Buy was out of stock. We thought this was a good alternative (she gets $ from her grandparents, so it was her purchase) since she broke her old tablet as well. Due to her being behind 2yrs in school, we set a 2 hr limit - meaning she had to read or do other educational games for 2 hours before being able to play on it. We also set a max time so she wouldn't spend all day. It was REALLY easy to set this up & I wish it was this simple on our other kids' electronics. So, yes I had an alterior motive for moving her to an educational tablet in lieu of a camera, but some kids refuse to get outdoors. So far, a great buy!	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my 2 &1/2 year old and it is perfect. Games and videos that come on it are very age appropriate and the tablet has been very durable thus far.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We bought this for our 3 year old daughter. Great variety of apps, books, and educational videos for her to explore. Love the features that allow us to control her time spent on it. My only complaint is that its processing speed is quite slow getting between different menus but at this price and for a 3-year old I can't complain too much.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love how it is easy , kid friendly, and my son loved it.	20in Monitor
Great beginner tablet for kids I would recommend it	iPhone
I have 3 autistic kids and is great cause they can be rough .	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my grandson. He loves playing with it and enjoys the videos.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This has been an exceptional hit for us she totally loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great apps, excellent price, my kids really enjoy it	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great tablet for kids. Big choice of apps, great price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
But the youtube app has so many ads it has the kids on all kinds of stuff.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
did not power up...at all. I am so happy that my grand-niece wasn't here and doesn't know about this yet, she would have been crying.	20in Monitor
Tablet works pretty good. I purchased it since I was a to make two accounts. One for myself and one for my child. Goo buy!!	Wired Headphones
love it great for kids my son loves it and wont put it down	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is for my daughter and she absolutely loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this as a bedroom TV. The picture is great and the sound is good too. Definitely worth it for the money.	20in Monitor
This is well constructed for kids. My biggest reason I don't like it is it asks for a credit card, for a kids tablet. I suggest you buy a prepaid credit card or a Amazon gift card for game purchases!	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for grand daughter for Xmas since most 5 year olds now a lot about tablets and had no problem with this very easy to use.	27in FHD Monitor
I purchase 2 on Super Bowl Sunday for my 5 & 7 year old birthday. It was the perfect gift, because the 2 love their gift. The tablets was for a girl and a boy, so I purchase a pink & a blue. The tablet is very child proof.	USB-C Charging Cable
The tablet is okay.. my daughter uses it most of the time.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My kiddo loves this tablet. She's 1 1/2 and knows how to work it well. I look at it sometimes and see apps that I didn't download! Lol Good thing, first year is free. It's very durable as well. Great product overall. I would've liked a different color for her, but blue was all that was in stock and I got it a great price being on sale plus I had certificates to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Durable and great tablet to handle and navigate. Camera quality is good to be used by a 2 year old. Great children features	USB-C Charging Cable
Brought this for my daughter and it's been a life saver!!! I love that it already comes with the pink bumper it's perfect for her!! Set up was also a breeze!!! I'm very pleased with this purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter is learning so much from the games on this device, my wife was glad I bought it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My other daughter has this same tablet, so I knew it would be a winner with my other child as well.	Wired Headphones
Pros: liked the warranty, liked that it came with a case making it cost less than buying one separately. Cons: One grandchild was too old for the games included on his locked portion. Was hoping I could put games on a particular grandchilds site and lock it so he couldn't download other things. Would recommend this only for very young children.	iPhone
my daughter enjoys her tablet reading the books for school & screen size is prefect	Flatscreen TV
My granddaughter loves it. She is disabled and is actually learning her site words from school from the books app. Being ADHD she can sit for along time playing. Love that it is geared for kids.	iPhone
Great product and great service from bestbuy online	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love the tablet everything works perfect for my boy	27in FHD Monitor
My granddaughter loves it. She plays with all the time	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this product. the screen is bigger, the bumper is stringer and my granddaughter loves it...so that's all that matters.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Is good for the kids The only thing is I have to get a SD Card for more memory	USB-C Charging Cable
It's simple and not difficult for young children to learn. Also is build sturdy in case it does get dropped more than a few times.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the preloaded apps. There are 1000 to choose from for all ages. The book selection is expansive. My 3 year old plays with it everyday. Its great for trips in the car or just being around the house. Great Buy!!! I enjoy playing with Alexa....ask her anything and she has an answer.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great little kids tablet. Has a lot of features and is really fun to use.	Google Phone
This was a gift for my niece's birthday. She loves it .Plus the kid safe	USB-C Charging Cable
They had the tablet in stock and it is nice that it has the child settings	Macbook Pro Laptop
My daughters love it it is probably one of the best tablets ive ever bought	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is my 2yr. olds and he loves it. He loves the different games and watching reviews.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is great for kids. My niece loves her new fire kids edition.	Lightning Charging Cable
The screen breaks way to easy it drop one time broke	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like that I can control the time and content that my kids view.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like that I can control the time and content that my kids view	iPhone
By far the greatest tablet for kids. Free time is fantastic. I don't have to worry about content for my child. And the two year worry free warranty is in heard of. 2 thumbs up	Wired Headphones
So my 18 month old maybe the future computer wizard because she everything about my tablet. However my biggest concern is not so much that she knows how to unlock my Ipad, but throwing it down the stairs like one of her toys. Which makes the Kindle Fire tablet for kids the best invention since the Tivo. All the pre loaded apps, videos, books, etc is nothing short of amazing. The case is also very cool, hardwood floor and stair case proof. For under $100 bucks this is perfect for tech savvy kids like mine.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this as a gift for my daughter and it was a good buyShock proof and great educational apps for kids in it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got 2 of these for my two oldest daughters, 5 and 3. Perfect for them and love the features. Battery life seems pretty long. The year of freetime plus the case makes it worth it! Will be getting another for my 3rd daughter's 2nd birthday.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this for my 5 year old girl. She immediately fell in love with it. And the fact that it has a year damage warranty, it was a no brainer	Flatscreen TV
We bought this as a Christmas gift for our 6 year old. He loves it. It's durable and reliable.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am happy so far with this tablet. It offers great protection for use with kids but is a little pricey for the lackluster performance. Great for kids.	20in Monitor
Kids love playing with it. We use it for netflix and for basic games	Apple Airpods Headphones
A great watch. I bought it for the heart rate feature and it is pretty accurate.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Love this!!!!It is kidproof...I have a active 1 year old grandson who enjoy it very much!!!	Wired Headphones
My son loves it. The picture and quality is great and my so loves all the apps from the characters he loves	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Git this for my son who had already broke his 1st tablet. I got this for about half the price of his first one and it is much better quality than the 1st one. Thinking about getting another one for his brother.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves it keeps the kids occupied. I would recommend to anyone with kids	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is quite durable. The pink is vibrant and it's very easy for little fingers to hold. My granddaughter loves it.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my great-grandson who is 3 years old. I had purchased one for his 5 year-old sister for Christmas and it became the object of dispute between them because he wants to use it too. They both enjoy it. It is entertaining and educational. Now they each will have their own and the dispute can end.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice tablet. Functions very much like an adult tablet. Clear screen and drop case are very good.	iPhone
Slow performance and charging port very low poor quality it gets frozen most of the times	Lightning Charging Cable
Very slow performance and sometimes applications freeze up and don't work very well , charging port very low quality	USB-C Charging Cable
Good tablet but no YouTube kids like on iPhone. Don't expect iPhone/pad quality very basic AppStore for children	Macbook Pro Laptop
this was purchased for my granddaughter for her birthday	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for a grandchild. Perfect gift. Recommend this.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love this tablet! Highly recommended, especially for a toddler who's learning. Has lots of games and activities for learning, parental controls, which I find extremely necessary for the internet today!	Wired Headphones
Got one for my 4yr old. She loves it. It's very durable. I love that I can switch accounts and use it for myself too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I been having this for awhile now for my two boys and they just absolutely love it	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the safety features for parents to protect their little ones from some content on the Internet. Love preloaded programs	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my 3 year old daughter and she loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect for price and purpose. I bought this for my 19 month old granddaughter to watch videos and listen to songs on instead of using parents iPhone. When she is older she will be able to play games. Perfect size for her to hold. Love guarantee	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love this solutions for my kids. I gave it a four star rating because in order to install Apps you just have to tap the icon. Well my Two year old and five year old went tap crazy, like a Kangaroo on a Pogo stick. Needless to say the ran out of room quickly. I tried to teach them to not launch apps that weren't installed but they still have a problem discerning what is installed and what isn't. Aside from this, it is a fantastic device for kids to play and learn with. I especially like the parental control features. I just wish they would put in a feature for controlling what gets installed.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet has so many apps with games, movies, and books that it keeps my nephew entertained for hours on end.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this item for my 9 year old son. He loves it and it has nice feaures such as parental controls.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased two for my grandchildren. They carry the Kindle with them everywhere they go. Great purchase!	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this for my 3 years old girl and she loves it. Very fast she was able to figure out the games and how to work with it. I have some concern like the port for charger is so bad and easy to break knowing kids are using it. Battery life is short and dosent last but anything else seems to be ok.	Flatscreen TV
The tablet is great with many build in games. The only disadvantage is not a lot of storage.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's nice but not as easy to switch profiles as I would like for it being a child's tablet. But overall easy to use just a lot of junk on main profile.	Wired Headphones
I love that this is a real adult tablet with kids programming installed. Biggest downfall is that my son has trouble switching from app to app, otherwise I'd give it 5 stars. The pull up menu eat the bottom isn't very responsive to his little hands.	USB-C Charging Cable
My son is constantly distracted and loves technology. Him being only two years old, this proved to be the perfect thing to keep him occupied and out of trouble.	iPhone
My mom bought the tablets first for my sisters for Christmas an then my 4 year old wanted one so I purchased one for her. She loves it uses it for games, Netflix, an she is home school so she is able to do her work on the tablet as well	20in Monitor
Very kid friendly especially for toddlers and easy to use.	Product
This product is not user friendly much less kid friendly. Took them back for samsungs.	Flatscreen TV
"I've never had a tablet other than an apple. It seems to charge quite slow but I'm not sure if it's because of the tablet or the cord or some setting I'm not aware of; but it charges ridiculously slow, other than that I am very happy since it's for my son."	USB-C Charging Cable
bought this for my grandson as i had bought one a year before for my other grandson. Great for younger ones	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought these for my five and six-year-olds and they love the games and educational apps that come with it loaded from Amazon prime for free for a whole year. Great value for the money I will be referring this product to all of my friends.	Google Phone
Best buy ever for my 3 year old. Only purchased because they were out of the Galaxy tablet. I'm glad. This tablet is PERFECT for my 3 year old. I love that it has 2 modes. The kids mode sometimes freeze and takes a minutes for apps to open. Also didn't download Netflix movies like indicated. But regular mode works great. My daughter loves watching weird homemade youtube movies anyway.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought two tablets for you little ones and they love them. I would recommend.	Wired Headphones
Very kid friendly especially with 2 younger siblings. Bright color is fun and easy to find	Macbook Pro Laptop
This product is a perfect learning tool for my daughter	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My son loves it. Light weight. Good price for a great product. I would purchase another one.	Lightning Charging Cable
Haven't had any issues until recently my son's tablet won't charge anymore. Called geek support but they couldn't locate warranty so I'll have to go in	27in FHD Monitor
Purchased this for my son. Decent tablet but not optimum	Lightning Charging Cable
Great tablet for kids. The free replacement policy is great as well. Does take a bit of effort to set up, but pretty easy for the kids to use.	27in FHD Monitor
This thing has it all...even the cartoons that my older kids watched. Plenty of activities and teaching. 5 stars	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablet is great for young children. They really enjoy. It can be slow at times and they get frustrated when that happens.	Wired Headphones
Very difficult to connect to You Tube. Very frustrating	Product
My daughter love her tablet. And is easy to use, and the battery last longer..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My granddaughter loves it! Long battery and is tough.She loves all the games and she learning so muchEveryday.	Google Phone
My 3yo loves it and never wants to put it down. Lots of preloaded educational games and videos!	Flatscreen TV
Very easy to use. Kids love it! Only downsides are lack of certain apps, and the speakers are weak. All in all, a great tablet for under $100	USB-C Charging Cable
Tablet is for my 2 year old son and it has great learning game so for him! He's learning to read and so much more!	Flatscreen TV
Awesome tablet for kids pre loaded with a ton of things and the case is even better	Lightning Charging Cable
Both love this tablet and the numerous educational apps available that I bought one for each	Google Phone
The Kindle fire kids edition is a parent worry free solution to kids messing up potential settings love that you can set up a personal code and create multiple profiles	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my young granddaughter. It is so easy for her to use. We can control the content. She is learning her colors and alphabet with the help of this tablet. Lots of free content. It was easy to connect to the home wifi. Great battery life.	27in FHD Monitor
Good quality & worth the price!! We are happy!!!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids love the tablet and the battery life is amazing.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased for our 3 year old grandson. He loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I ordered the extra case not knowing the device came with a case.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to set up. Durable for toddlers. Highly recommend.	Google Phone
Bought it for my 5 yr old daughter and for some reason it did not work. This is the second time I've purchased this and had to return it. So I will get her a mini iPad. Never again will I waste my time and money.	USB-C Charging Cable
I can listen to music during my bath. Also there are 39 games I can play and 40 I can't play yet. I am six.	Flatscreen TV
Purchased this tablet for my grandson who is two years old. He loved it!. But the power cord and the tablet hook up didn't work very long. I will be taking it back for a replacement. As long as the connection stays snug it's a great tablet.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my daughter. It was bundled with a solid bumper case and has a kid mode interface. She insisted on using her brother's iPad constantly. Not to say there is anything wrong with this product, it just wasn't for her.	Wired Headphones
This is the second one I bought. My older son wouldn't share his so for Christmas santa brought little brother one lol. The apps that come with the subscription are endless. I also have Netflix and both kids watch different shows on it too. I once bought a sprout cubby tablet and it broke within 2 days and the customer service was terrible they would not replace and actually wanted to charge more than I paid. The customer service with amazon however is fantastic and replaced my sons tablet when it cracked within 3 days!! They are durable but my older toddler is Just a crazy lil man. You won't regret buying this for your kids.	27in FHD Monitor
the product is really crafted for kids n they just glue to it as it offers an array of rich topics, apps, etc	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter lovethis tablet.. only problem is it cant connect to my home wifi which is verizon	USB-C Charging Cable
With a great child-proof case, this was the perfect tablet to start my little guy off with!	27in FHD Monitor
Verified PurchaseI got the kids version because this is mainly for my toddler. I know, I know, yes I did get this for my toddler. He is always interested in the learning apps we get on our phone for him so we figured this would be perfect.	Lightning Charging Cable
great tablet for kids when traveling. my grandchild loves it.	20in Monitor
I bought this for my 5 year old grandson who lives in another state. He loves it and plays with it all the time. My son tells me the games on it are mostly educational and really seem to be helpful. Excellent little device to this time.	iPhone
I got this for a friends son the only problem with it is he won't put it down LOL	Vareebadd Phone
After reading the reviews and also seeing in the description that this has a 2 year unconditional warranty we were sold. Our child loves this tablet and he's dropped it many times with no damage. The thick padded case really does work wonders for this.	USB-C Charging Cable
Better loading, longer battery life, clearer picture, more space. Still just as durable!	Macbook Pro Laptop
got this product for my granddaughter. im #1 grandma now	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My 3 year old grand child is loving this tablet. She is really catching on to using technology . She loves this and plays a lot of educational things that was available to her.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The price for this tablet is not the only great selling point. The free year of amazon free time is perfect for my son. There are tons of games, books, and videos in this service. My favorite feature is how we can set time limits on screen time. We can even set it to require an amount of learning app or book time per day before access to games is allowed. Great choice for kids.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I have a 3 year old at home. Best purchase ever! Indestructible. Reliable. Easy to program. I would highly recommend this.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The kindle fire is great especially the kid version. The free time app keeps the kids out of my files and prevents them from messing with tablet settings.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is great for trips. Just make sure you download games and shows on it first since it does not have Internet. The case is great for kids who are rough with technology, it really takes a beating.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my Granddaughter's 10th birthday. She LOVES it!!! The protective case it is in is AWESOME and the perfect pink for a girl!	Wired Headphones
very durable and easy to work with. I love its functionality and my kid loves having his own tablet. good stuff	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the kids and adults great features like the rubber case and free features for kids	Wired Headphones
I PURCHASED TWO FOR MY GRANDCHILDREN TO SHARE AND THEY ARE SO HAPPY WITH THEM, WHICH MAKES ME REALLY HAPPY! I NEED TO BUY HEAD PHONES NEXT!	Wired Headphones
The tablet itself was nice, but the screen was to small for books, videos, and minecraft.	USB-C Charging Cable
it has great durability, but lacks great sound. The picture quality is just ok	34in Ultrawide Monitor
great tablet for children, lots of content. games books etc and easy for my 4 y.o to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kids love it and easy to understand. Great parental controls as well.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Kindle Fire meets the needs of kids and/or adults-	Bose SoundSport Headphones
great tablet for kids with amazon bonuses. don't have to worry about what content my kid is accessing.	iPhone
Need to have better info for special needs children. The kids utube is confusing but love the guarantee	Wired Headphones
he loved it was a great gift easy to use, small and great	20in Monitor
7 year old boy broke it in less than 2 months even with the bumper guard on. Won't power up. When it WAS working, very limited on storage. Ran out of space in 1 hour, so the wifi wouldn't work. Had go in and explain to him he couldn't download more than a hand full of apps at a time. Doesn't matter now since it won't even turn on or charge.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A good choice for younger children. I bought for a 4 year old to replace a Nabi. However it doesn't have as many app choices as an Android device	Apple Airpods Headphones
Nice tablet for my one year old daughter...however we are still trying to find out how to operate tablet programs without wifi.	27in FHD Monitor
I baught 2 for my kids, and figured that with the cover the the one year of freetime which includes all the videos, apps and games then it makes sense. I baught this one as a gift for a kid overseas, and all the content is not playing, when I contacted amazon, they said it's not for overseas, although I asked in Best Buy before I buy it and they assured me it works everywhere. It's totally overpriced for a tablet that doesn't play anything! Best Buy should know and let customers know specially when u ask specifically!	20in Monitor
This is just what we needed for a you k8d ..the apps are great	Apple Airpods Headphones
Gives a good quality, being that it's a poloroid camera	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent quality and durability for a young child	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this tablet for my son and he enjoys using it the only thing I don't love is that u need internet to use most apps on it and you cant download youtube kids. It has a lot of apps though and a lot of learning material for all ages.	Wired Headphones
This a great tablet for child. I got this for my niece who is about to turn 3 years old. She love the games and the TV shows that was included with the tablet.	Wired Headphones
Best gift ever, now she leaves mom and dads phones/tablets alone and plays his own, which is also locked down as well. And thanks to the low price, I bought for his siblings as well, there is peace now	27in FHD Monitor
Best gift ever, now he leaves mom and dads phones/tablets alone and plays his own, which is also locked down as well. And thanks to the low price, I bought for his siblings as well, there is peace now	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for a child. It will stand up to accidental drops and has just enough expandability for future use. I give it 5 star!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This tablet was bought for my 4 year old. She uses it to learn.	iPhone
Excellent product. My grandson loves it. Fast, easy to use and yet challenging enough that he is learning at the same time	Wired Headphones
The parental control could be a lot better. It's nice and compact. She loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
It would have been nice if the charging cord was more compatible with other devices.	Apple Airpods Headphones
love the worry free guarantee since this has been dropped several times. with that being said this tablet hs held up	USB-C Charging Cable
Both of my kids love this tablet. The option to set it up for the kids is great. My 7 year old likes to play in parent mode conpaired to the kids side cause there are not a lot of options for him. Very good product would buy again	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Our 4 year old granddaughter loves playing the games on the tablet. There is a great variety for her to choose from. She also loves taking pictures with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Grandson loves his new tablet. Had to set him up as an adult because Amazon had too many restrictions for child account	Apple Airpods Headphones
Right after we bought it the charging port broke but it was very easy to get the tablet replaced and shipped to our house. It's not very operations friendly and comes with very little instruction.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is the second tablet I've purchased aimed for little ones and it's by far the best. Easy to access his games and plenty of preloaded games, videos and apps. It makes road trips so much happier!	Flatscreen TV
Really like this pretty easy to set up I love the bumper also the free time settings when time is up that's that and no figthing with mom. I thought I saw something stating that the free time feature is only free for one year so rating may change if I find this to be true. Would hate to be charged for what the kindle was intended for.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My niece loves this tablet! She will not put it down!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle fire kid is easy enough that our 2 year old can work it!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
My 2 year old granddaughter carries her tablet everywhere. She loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The service was great and the help I received thanks	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It would not turn on or charge. We have to return it to Kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves it. So easy to set up. And keeps everything age appropriate.	ThinkPad Laptop
Good and fast for kids does have very good control of parents on that	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchase this tablet for my son and it was very disappointing on the 3 exchanges I had to do. First the charger was not working, second the free time was not connecting and third exchange it was freezing. So many good reviews for this tablet but it did not work for me.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
tablet is so user friendly and a price you can not beat	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my 8 year olds birthday. It is perfect and all 4 kids have their own profile so there is no fighting. The parental controls are awesome, we set daily limits for them, but then they want to share with each other when one is done with their time. We love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very durable and keeps my 5yr old entertained. I have to limit his use. Lots of apps/games that incorporate learning. Very age appropriate and safe. No worries on what my child is being exposed to.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for the kids but not much space for all the apps they want.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 2 year old son really enjoys the tablet it's great	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a huge hit as a gift for my 3 year old daughter.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for kids. It has a separate screen for kids that has all their content so you know they are not doing anything they are not supposed to do. There are a lot of parental controls and time settings for restricting how long they are able to watch videos, play games, or read.	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet is pretty good, I would give it 5 stars if you are able to download an use apps from the Google store, that is one of my only big complaint. And also how fast the SD card got filled with items from Amazon OS that's on the tablet without the user knowing. On the other hand, With four kids using tablets as reward time it helps the kids free time is awesome it useful	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this for my 3 year old and it is great. Wish it had a bit more storage but overall very happy with my purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Piece of mind that the little one won't wonder the World Wide Web and be exposed to things no parent wants to have to explain!	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a gift to my niece. Her mom liked the parental controls	USB-C Charging Cable
My child loves this device. She doesn't stop playing with it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is an awesome tablet for kids. Love the versatility. This is our 2nd since our older son loved his, we felt his younger brother needed one too. The charger is horrible though. Does not charge well at all. Returned the first kindle thinking it was the tablet. After the second had problems charging, I tried my husbands galaxy charger and it fits perfectly. Then we bought this one. Same problem. The charger that comes with the kindle simply does not fit well and give it a good charge. All 3 tablets had the same issue. I have also spoke to other parents who have experienced the same issue. So in summary, the tablet is aweosme. The charger is awful.	Wired Headphones
Good tablet for kids. Easy to use and kid friendly	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'm very happy with this tablet..My nephew loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
easy to use great product and BEST BUY ANSWERED MY QUESTIONS	Google Phone
Limited use if you dont want to enroll with amazon	USB-C Charging Cable
My son is 22 months and he love it. He watches his favorite shows.	27in FHD Monitor
My son absolutely loves this tablet. He has dropped it a lot and hasn't cracked it yet but even if he did amazon would replace it for up to two years for free. I also like the prime account for the kids to be able to play whatever apps for free	Wired Headphones
It is a great starter tablet for young kids. My son really enjoyed it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a great beginner tablet for kids allows you to ensure your kids are viewing and playing contents for their age.	Lightning Charging Cable
My granddaughter loves her tablet toddler friendly	Lightning Charging Cable
My wife purchased this for my daughter , great for learning to read.	Wired Headphones
Battery life isn't great, but overall for what I paid it is a good tablet for my kids. I did inadvertently purchase the wrong color and when I returned to the store to exchange it, the store mgr was a bit of a jerk and would not allow me to do so, despite being Elite Plus and being under 45 days. That aside it's a good tablet, but I was very disappointed in the customer service issue.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my 3 year old, love that it comes with Kindle Freetime (which is almost $80 on it's own). It's perfect for curious fingers prone to swiping and clicking wherever, since the parental controls lock it down to keep them from being able to exit their own profile. Our first unit had an issue after updating the OS, but Amazon is amazing and exchanged the device, no questions asked. I would have gone through Best Buy, but our local one didn't have the pink one in stock anymore. I would have preferred that it didn't come with a camera or microphone for privacy reasons (my older kids 3 year old Kindle Fire HDs don't have a camera or microphone). All-in-all, it is a great device for little ones, but definitely enough power and features to grow with them.	USB-C Charging Cable
I needed something for a young kid and this tablet was suggested to me from a sales person at Best Buy. The kid loves it.	Wired Headphones
Everything he needs but nothing more. The case looked a little flimsy but it has been great so far.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am so glad I got my son (5 1/2 years old) the Fire Kids Edition Tablet! It is extremely durable & provides hours of educational entertaining fun!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my 6 year old nephew for Christmas! He LOVES it and it has a great warranty!	Apple Airpods Headphones
My son really enjoys this. Its his first tablet(he is 4) and had no problem learning how to use it.	
I bought this for my nephew for Christmas. I love that it has so much memory space, so I can download tons of games and activities to keep him occupied on long rides. I love the 2 year warranty and safety case. He loves it!	Google Phone
Great idea for a 5 years old. very secure and good contents for that age.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"This device is a nice starter tablet for kids. The Fire OS with Freetime Unlimited (free for 1 year) is an excellent environment. The warranty is great, and had we kept the device I'm sure we would have had the opportunity to use it. However, the device we received in the ""Kids Edition"" box was not registered as a ""Kids Edition"" with Amazon, thus the FreetimeUnlimited plan only lasted 30 days and the ""Kids Edition"" warranty did not apply. Amazon could not register the Fire as a ""Kids Edition"" so it was returned."	20in Monitor
Very rugged design. My nieces absolutely love this.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Easy for my kid to use and navigate through. Fun for adults too.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very easy to use for our seven year old. Will probably upgrade in a year to something with more capabilities and more memory. She had an iPad (lost it) and misses that, but this is the compromise until we see more responsibility in how it's treated. Seems durable thus far.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my 6 year old Neice for Christmas. She loves it. No issues this far. Charges fast and has child lock features.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This an awesome tablet for kids. My Grandson never wants to put it down. The case is great protection from drops.	27in FHD Monitor
Great that you can add micro SD card for expanded memory. Works great for around the house and long trips. Battery lasts a good amount of time and no issues with quality.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is perfect for young children and comes ready to use straight out of the box. The case is very well built to protect the tablet and the device is actually pretty light and easy to hold. Once you sign in with your 'parent' account, you can set up your child's profile and it's ready to go. Easy to navigate menus with great parental controls - this tablet truly delivers safe content and games for hours of enjoyment. The key is to load new content while you have access to wifi so the books, games and videos are available while traveling.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My 2 year old granddaughter loves her Amazon kids edition. It's amazing how she knows how to get to her favorite educational program. I live the color pink case very sturdy	Google Phone
Very easy for my child to navigate. It was very easy to set it up. All the games, books and internet that's pre-loaded is awesome and so convenient	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got this for my 3 yo and he is enjoying it. The case is worth it's price in gold.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This has a lot of good features to limit the amount of time and what is accessed.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great little tablet, easy to use for kids. Wish the battery was bigger. Overall not a bad purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, handle and screen is perfect for a toddler.	Wired Headphones
Its a nice little set up but it's slow. I wish I would have investigated them a little more before just jumping in.	Wired Headphones
As long as apps are downloaded before leaving WIFI they work great for road trips or hunting trips!	27in FHD Monitor
Was a gift for our 8 year old daughter. Great for kids	Bose SoundSport Headphones
my grandkids love it. This is the 3 one we bought.	20in Monitor
Great case ok tablet no Android play store. Weak micro usb port. It's isn't an straight out the box tablet. Had to install Android play store on it. And as far as the charging port goes I'm on my 3rd one but best buy are the best with their return policy...	Flatscreen TV
Grandson became board with what it offers. Plug wears out fast	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This product wouldn't turn on nor charge and then store couldn't locate another one for me.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Grand daughter is two years old and watches her older brother and sister use their iPads. So we got her the Amazon Fire Kids Addition and she loves it. She has a great time with learning numbers and the alphabet.	Lightning Charging Cable
Perfect for educational games. The protective case sold me.	Lightning Charging Cable
Tablet is easy to use, however only allows 48 hours of offline viewing when movies are downloaded, then must be reset online again. This is an inconvenience. Other than that one issue, I am very satisfied with the tablet.	iPhone
My son loves this product and uses it all the time.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"My 3 1/2 year old grandson son LOVES this ""big game"" as he calls it."	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought this for my Granddaughter, she absolutely loves it!	Wired Headphones
My grandbaby loves hers. We gave it as a Christmas present!	iPhone
This tablet has been great. Although I recommend getting a memory card so you have no storage issues!	27in FHD Monitor
It was the best Christmas Present for my grandson.	Vareebadd Phone
She has learned how to play games and learning games. Easy to get to her apps and learned how to download. She charges it every night so it can be ready for her when she gets out of school	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"The Amazon Kids Fire keeps my grandson captivated with lots of activities. He loves that it's just right for his little hands. He makes sure that everyone in the family knows the Kindle belongs to him by saying, ""It's mine!"""	USB-C Charging Cable
The Amazon fire tablet is a great gift for kids of all ages . Ez and fun to use keeping kids entertained while giving them educational tools to use at their grade level and hire.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for my son for Christmas and he loves it! Has so many apps I can download that he loves.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought for my granddaughter age 5 for Xmas. She loves it.	Vareebadd Phone
Works great keeps a pretty good charge. My sign up for prime to get more bang for my buck but over all solid tablet	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my 6 year old daughter, it has been great. I can set time limits I can set it so she has to do educational stuff before play and I can have weekend time set different from the week days. The protective case is durable , perfect for my clumsy child. I very happy with the product.	iPhone
My niece is 2 years old and she absolutely loves this tablet. It's easy for her to use and navigate through. Plus, it has parental controls which I love. Definitely recommend it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a gift for a 4 year old who was enjoying it immediately with very little adult assistance required. Haven't used it myself, but probably won't, its for kids! Good purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got 2 of these for Christmas gifts for our grandsons & they love them!	Google Phone
Gift for great nephew. Have 2 that are 5 and 6 y/o. Both love these tablets because each got one. Play with them as much as Mom allows.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Gift for my great nephew and he really loves it. He loves it so much that Mom has to limit amount of time he allowed to play with it because he would play it 24/7.	Wired Headphones
My son is 3 and he loves this tablet. It is very educational and worth the money	27in FHD Monitor
Purchased this item after another tablet stopped working in less than a year of having. Couldn't go wrong with the two year no worry gurantee and the one year free subscription of Amazon FreeTime. Have had for about a month and it was been well worth the money already.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
No instructions on adding the memory card and how to move things to the card vs on internally.	Lightning Charging Cable
Tablet is easy for children to use and the battery lasts!	Lightning Charging Cable
"I bought the tablet for my 2 year grand daughter. The system comes with a set of kid friendly games and allows you to put the tablet on kid mode.. this keeps her in the ""safe zone"". I also installed ABC Mouse. Another hit program"	USB-C Charging Cable
Omg this product is excelent good batery and HD screen love this	Flatscreen TV
I was a slightly skeptical about giving this to my 1 year old but it has been a fantastic, durable learning tool for him and he is progressing very quick.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my daughter. I like that there are security features. She enjoys it and I have peace of mind!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This a great item for kids to learn how to use electronics.	Apple Airpods Headphones
So far the 1yo loves it. I thought it would be too much, but no.	Google Phone
Got this for my 9 year old and several games that he wants to play are not accessible on this tablet. Seems like this is geared more towards younger kids. Case is good though and keeps tablet safe. Would be tough to break!!	iPhone
My 1 year old loves his tablet. He knows how to utilize it very well. It needs a better camera.	Wired Headphones
Purchased for toddler to watch movies and stuff. He loves the apps that are available.	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect starter item for kids learning electronics.	ThinkPad Laptop
I love this tablet because I could control my children his time with it it's working out really great	Wired Headphones
Great way to get kids introduced to using a tablet. A ton of free software is available. Guarantee seals the deal.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Not bad can with stand my almost 2 yr old daughters wrath of every day wear and tear. So it's a win for me....	Bose SoundSport Headphones
He loves his new tablet lots of fun and educational games to choose from and best of all very kid proof he has dropped it numerous times and I see no signs of damage whatsoever	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This makes for a decent tablet for a kid with the kids edition, but I'm not sure I'd want it as an adult. There are much better tablets on the market. But since it's cheap, that's to be expected.	27in FHD Monitor
Great for the child. Unfortunately it doesn't have a volume limit setting	Vareebadd Phone
Great hardware for the price, similar to the ipads	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Overall, the tablet is well constructed and well engineered. The 'excited factor' for my son wore off quickly, including the included app services. Nothing negative to report, but nothing unexpected in a positive sense either.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Best value tablet for the little ones. Great warranty, great parental controls. It's a shame Apple hasn't caught on to the needs of parents when it comes to digital media.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Amazon - Fire Kids Edition - 7 Tablet - 16gb - Pink is a great tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like it because is very resistant . The only thing we didn't like is that sometimes it's kinda slow	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, easy apps and books, you can use a timer to schedule time use	Lightning Charging Cable
These were ordered one for 4 year old and then ordered second one for 2 year old. They are easy to use and age appropriate apps for each of them.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the perfect tablet for a toddler. I feel like there is stuff for him to now, but he can also grow with it. And it's built like a tank.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Pros: preloaded with everything your kids will need.Cons: need to buy at least 32GB microSD with it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My son is 6 and I can control everything he does on his tablet! I love it and love that learning games came installed	Wired Headphones
My son loves his tablet. It is very easy to use. Very stutdy.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is all around a great tablet. My 1yr old can use it with ease. Also love how we can change the profiles to suit adults as well. Would recommend to anyone and all ages.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought it for my 2 year old and he loves it. It's easy to use and the perfect size for his hands.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kids love this tablet! Good for those long road trips.	iPhone
Bought this for a 8 yr old and its perfect for what she like to do	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this kid's tablet - it's kid proof! It's perfect for kids of all ages!	27in FHD Monitor
I bought 2 of these, 1 for each of my 2 youngest Grandaughters. Wanted something that would be made well, easy to use and as they get older the range of use could expand. Not only is it a good activity but a great learning tool. I will download fun and game activities but learning also even though many of the fun and game are learning tools. Their ages are 3 1/2 and 5 and they love them. Easy to download items, save to home screen or remove items. Their are several parental controls and options so you can feel worry free. Can add more than one user and profile.	Wired Headphones
Bought for Christmas for 6 and 8 year old granddaughters. Both girls loved it and have said it was their favorite gift.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use, loves the green case and durable. Great gift.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
granddaughter loves it and easy and durable. loves the pink case.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the second one I've bought for my kids. The each have their own tablet now. As a parent I like that I can set limits...such as screen time, reading, videos etc. You can control everything. It can be educational aswell. Their is alot of educational apps on the device to download. Such as wikipedia,farmers almanac etc. Patents should look through and discover apps with the kids to get full use of the tablet. It continues to update regularly.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is awesome! I have a 4 year old grandson and he loves the tablet!!It's kid friendly and has great games that he likes!!Would recommend it!!My 9 year grandson also traded in his drawing pad for a tablet and he loves it!!	Lightning Charging Cable
My son was 2 years old when he received this tablet, the apps and games are fun and instructional, the cover really nakes it drop and shatter proof, I have it set on a timer so it turns off after 20 minutes of use, on days when he seems to be more interested I will let him use it longer, other than thats it is so simple a baby can use it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My nephew always uses my sister's iphone when watching videos. He loves his youtube videos lol. So I went out and bought him this. The kid loves it. There's value in the cartoon membership also	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this the another day for my niece and she loves everything it has to offer	Apple Airpods Headphones
The product is easy for grandson to operate and navigate through and seems to be very durable	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I feel that this tablet was the perfect fit for my boys age 8 and 6.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The device is so simple for kids. It is great. I love the case it's really protective.	USB-C Charging Cable
My 2 yr old loves it!!! We got it in pink. Love that you can put restrictions on it, as well as a timer so that theyre not on it too long. The games and books are awesome	Wired Headphones
It needs the Internet to connect to your devices and play music. Sometimes you can be cut off. The rest of the time it is easy as can be.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent product thanks !Thanks for the help choosing what I was looking for and all the variety of apps that are available on this one.	ThinkPad Laptop
My 3 yr old loves her new tablet and my wife and I are glad to get ours back. Very simple usage. Has all of her favorite apps on it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
this is excellent for kids 3-7. the only thing I don't like is it is difficult to go to kids web pages by typing in an web address once you set up the kids profile, plus it takes away the easy access of the camera which the kids love. I may have set it up wrong as it did not come with printed instructions and I am not tech savvy. This item is extremely durable and great fun for the kids.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet for the grandkids, they love it great item	USB-C Charging Cable
My great granddaughter loves it. Easy to use and it holds the charge well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love how kid friendly this tablet is. I also love the parental controls. I am able to supervise everything he's doing and he is still able to play the games and watch the videos he loves. It's even easy enough for his 3 year old sister to use. Great product! Glad I purchased this and saved money instead of getting an Ipad or Samsung. Much better choice.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my six year old grandson. The set up was very easy. He is able to download kids only stuff and can send us videos of himself using the app. He just loves it. Truly kid friendly.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this item for my 7yr old daughter. We like it but we can't get the pictures of the apps to show	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My son really enjoys his tablet especially the books and videos	Google Phone
This is a great tablet because of all the preloaded games and ability to add more for free. It keeps my kids entertained and is the best for learning.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased this tablet for my 10 year old son and he loves it. Great for movies, games and reading books online. Definetly would recommend it as a starter tablet for young children. The hard protective cover is a plus.	iPhone
My Grandson uses it all the time. It was a great choice!	USB-C Charging Cable
Product was purchased for 6 year old. Very excited to use. Had a hard time navigating initially. Battery life not as expected(too short). Short charging chord. Charging port at tablet site, easily worn. Very positional when charging when plugged in. Will stick with Apple products for now.	USB-C Charging Cable
The best tablet for kids the 1 year unlimited apps is my favorite my kids love it..	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Our grand daughter is very happy with her fire kids edition. Product wotks great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My 3 year old has one and my 10 year old wanted one so now they BOTH have one. The parental controls are easy to use and work great. I would highly recommend to anyone!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent for kids! Tons of fun apps, videos and books. Love that it comes with a year of Free Time.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I got this tablet for my 6 year old grand daughter and I must say it was a great decision. She used her tablet for learning and fun. I watch her play her games on her tablet, listen to her favorite music and watch her movies. She has no problem using her tablet, she has even taught me how to operate her Amazon Fire Kids Edition tablet	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am so very i got this for my 3 year old grandson. He can navigate it to get to his favorite shows, Peppa pig, Mickey clubhouse and Thomas the train. He is so happy with his tablet.	27in FHD Monitor
My 5 year old loves it! She can order books and look at all her favorite shows	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this for my two grandsons (ages 2 & 4) for Christmas. They love them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
my 6 year old granddaughter loves her new tablet. she uses it to play games and download movies.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I observe my 4 year old granddaughter using this tablet with ease. She is able to play some of the games and upload movies. Her mom had to put a secret password for the movies because she downloaded some that you had to pay for!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Keeps my granddaughter busy. She was showing me how to use it. Now she doesn't want to use mine.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Has so many games for the kids to choose from, I love that I can make different profiles for each kid to limit what they play	Apple Airpods Headphones
Holds charge well. Portable. Lightweight and as best we can tell nearly indestructible. Perfect for kids	Apple Airpods Headphones
good product for youngsters, provides learning and fun together	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good set of apps available and it is robust enough for the kids to abuse.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought for my grandson and the programs that were included with the device give a wide variety of education tools	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought 3 for my young grandkids exceptional security for kids, great babysitter as well as educational tool	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy for kids to use. Keeps them entertained for hours. Love it!	ThinkPad Laptop
This is a pretty substantial tablet, lots of learning apps and the ability to download Netflix is a plus	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect for development if you use the parental controls properly by setting time limits, goals for reading vs. game play, etc.Durable, reliable, perfect for when you need a few minutes of quiet time. Charger provided was flimsy, but any mini-USB works better.	Flatscreen TV
I bought this tablet for my 1 year old and he loves it! It keeps him entertained when we go places and he has learned so much. The apps are great and perfect for him. I would definitely recommend this tablet for a young child just learning to use a tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Extremely satisfied with the value and performance of the Fire kids edition; highly recommend for age 5 and up."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my 4yo daughter for Christmas and it's a sturdy little unit. It survived falls and drops but the one weak spot is the USB power plug, somehow my daughter managed to break it. However this is where Amazon stepped up as the tablet's warranty calls for Amazon to replace if damaged. I called customer service, they took my info and I had a brand new tablet deliver the next day!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it	Google Phone
This tablet is OK, sometimes it's kind of slow. Loads for a while before opening app. Storage has been good. 32 GB. I gave my son the freedom to download any game he wanted on prime time. And after 2 months he still has like 3gb left of space. Not recommend for kids over 10 years old. My son is 4 and sometimes he gets mad because tablet gets slow. Still good deal for 32gb, 1 year primetime for $80	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome tablet for young children. They love to play all the videos that it came equipped with already on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
"My wife and I wanted our children to still enjoy the feeling of having an ""iPad"", so we got the Amazon Fire Kids edition. It has been awesome. I love the way you can set limits on the tablet so they're not glued to it all day long. Kids mode is extremely beneficial."	USB-C Charging Cable
Hey we bought this for our 2 year old grandson and he loves it. Very easy to use and very durable!	Apple Airpods Headphones
These are great devices for the price. Good performance and awesome warranty. Having the Freetime is also very nice as app purchases are less frequent.	Vareebadd Phone
It's a good tablet and comes with a lot of free apps and a fantastic warranty!	USB-C Charging Cable
I like that the tablet has child settings and time usage. Very helpful in setting time limits.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Help my 2 year learn he loves to play it and watch movies on it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Keeps the kids busy with games and activities and they really like it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I sent it for my granddaughter as a birthday gift, seemingly she's enjoying and learning thru it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great tablet with good parental controls for kids!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Yes this is a fantastic product so many things to do with said product...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My 5 year-old nephew said that this was his favorite Christmas gift. That's all I needed to hear to recommend this to friends.	27in FHD Monitor
Purchase it for my granddaughter and she love it many great children's app for learning	Wired Headphones
The tablet is great and I like the warranty that it comes with, but I don't like the charging port. The wire that comes with the device is too short and will not fully snap into the device. Which will not let you charge the device unless you place it very carefully in the right position and then don't touch it. Had to buy an after market cable with an 8mm plug length to get it to charge. We bought 2 of the tablets and they both did the same thing. On one of the tablets we bought one of the magnetic plugs so that a younger children will not have problems with a loose plug.	USB-C Charging Cable
Kindle fire is extremely easy to use. The protective foam layer is awesome.	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this for my almost 3 year old niece and her dad told me she loves it! It has really cute educational games on it and is pretty much indestructible with the case on it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the charger has broken already.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
not just for the kids, for the tablet challenged (me) I find it easy to work with	Lightning Charging Cable
The tablet works well and the silicon pumper cover is great for gripping.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
They keep busy, lots of kids apps to view!! Entertainig	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I have no issues with product. Daughter seems to love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
my grandson had one and likes it. so i bought it for my other grandson	Lightning Charging Cable
I have purchased 3 of these tables still have them just handed them down one grandchild to the next will need another next year. They are tough the heavy rubber case really keeps them safe. Good product!	iPhone
My 4 year old grandson enjoys 'playing' with his tablet.. I say playing because he thinks most of the programs on it are games that he can play. At some point he will probably realize that while enjoying the games he is also learning. He enjoys it - a lot!	USB-C Charging Cable
We got this product for our 6 year old. I love the parental controls. Only downfalls I've noticed so far is it takes a long time to charge and there is a lot going on app. Wise on the parent login on this product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought it Xmas for my 4 yr old who always wants our iPhones to watch utube videos. It's cool looking and well made plus Alexa is helpful. It she still prefers our iPhones because the touch screen makes it a bit easier to stop her video and is more sensitive. I like it but don't live it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I just wish it was a little less easy for a toddler to get out of apps. They'll be on a game or show and accidentally...or purposly tap around out of curiosity and it closes the app. It needs less sensitivity but is it is still a great tablet for toddlers and up. The first one broke and I couldn't tell you how it happened. I think I had two of press down on it or something because I had it next to me trying to download apps then turned around in the whole screen was completely cracked up like someone hit it with a hammer. Since then I haven't had any issue with the new one	Vareebadd Phone
I definitely recommend this tablet is so perfect for children.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This has been awesome. For my. 5 year old nephew. Keeps him entertained and it works great.	Wired Headphones
It's a good piece of technology it's just not connecting to the wifi	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great tablet. My grandson uses it to watch his cartoons. We also have ABC Mouse that he uses on it. It's very durable and he loves it!!	Wired Headphones
she loves it she is 6yrs old and it fits her level well and she just loves it	Wired Headphones
Bought it for my grandson for Christmas and he loves it	Lightning Charging Cable
excellent for kids and safe cover so if dropped it survives	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for 3 year old to replace an older Ipad. it was functional but no where near level of ipad. This is understandable based on price difference/ I returned to store.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
reviews were quite on spot with this product,very easy setup and very easy to use	Lightning Charging Cable
My kids watch movies in the car, I link in with my mobile device and share my unlimited internet with both tablets. I have set up hulu / netflix on both accounts and they have tons of hrs of movies and shows. Amaxzon also gives you a 1 year subscription to games. And worry free 2 years replacement guarantee!!!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"We purchased this for my 5 year old granddaughter so that she would have something to play games and read books without having to use her mom's devices. She took to it immediately. It connects easily to a 2.4 ghz network but does not support connectivity to a 5; search and downloads did appear a bit slow but did not do testing to see if it was the Fire or the network, then again, it was running updates. The camera takes great pictures even if a child is a bit shakey... Sound quality is very good as is touch sensitivity."	Wired Headphones
My 3 yr old son loves his tablet. He takes it almost everywhere and it keeps him entertained.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great tablet for kids, the protective bumper pad really does help. The unlimited warranty gives piece of mind as with kids anything will break. Finally the 1 yr unlimited warranty to Amazon for shows and movies the kids can watch. Awesome deal for the price.	iPhone
I bought these tablets for my niece and nephew who are only 2 and 3 and they love it. My niece who's only 3 has shown my mother a few things. Great products	Macbook Pro Laptop
grandson really enjoyed it Christmas. very easy to use	iPhone
I gave a 5 star review because its a great tablet for a child with disabilities	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My kid loves this! It was one of his favorite Christmas presents.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It a great tablet for children. But it doesnt work with google apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoy the product. It was easy to program. My toddler pushed a button that changed the setting. I took the product to the store and the kind salesman corrected the product.	Wired Headphones
Purchased for a youngster, so I don't have any experience for the device.	Vareebadd Phone
We got this for our nephew and he absolutely loves it, very easy for him to use too.	USB-C Charging Cable
My Mistake to buy for 1yr old.But my 30yr old son enjoys it!	Macbook Pro Laptop
This tablet is grrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaaattttttt for the children!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The tablet is just what a child needs, it's tuff and the content is aimed at the children's needs. It keeps them entertained as long as you will let them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this tablet for my 3 year old granddaughter. She enjoys it and it keeps her busy and learning. Everything rolled into one for her.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This Table is good for children because won't break if dropped. However, the only problem I have, as well as other people in the family who bought the same Table, is the charger port that get damaged after first few days of use.	Vareebadd Phone
Where do I begin? It comes with an amazing thick case, it's a fully functioning tablet. It also comes with a one year subscription to educational games and movies/ shows. If it breaks Amazon replaces! How could you choose any other tablet? This was so great we had to get two!	USB-C Charging Cable
This device is a good if you are looking for a starter tablet for a young individual.	20in Monitor
The only issue with this is that you will need to create an account for the child or you will have to add them onto your account for Amazon	Lightning Charging Cable
Leapfrog is a great learning tool for preschoolers and beyond my grandson loves it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works as described. Love the kid friendly foam protector. It stopped working within 2 months of purchase. Amazon just sent new one without a real fuss. Inconvenient, but no real fuss. I hope this one lasts longer.	27in FHD Monitor
My daughter love it and is amazing thanks and I will recommend it	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a great purchase and would definitely buy this again. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is a programmer glitch. They need to fix screen where little ones can't stop or change icons while they are watching or playing games. Frustrating for two year old to stop cartoons by accidentally touching screen	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My stepkids are pretty rough on their toys and these have lasted pretty darn well so far. Easy to update and add games, apps and school related material. Go for it if you are looking for a pretty darn decent tablet for the lil ones	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is great for kids my grandson is sick and he absolutely loves it	Flatscreen TV
we brought this tablet for our 6 yr old for Xmas and she loves it!. it was the go to tablet as she was always playing on my fire tablet... recommend for kids	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this product. My kids love it. It is very to use and has a nice display.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Kids loved these tablets, and in not worried about them dropping them	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great educational tool. Not just a toy. Kids love it .	USB-C Charging Cable
Child loves it. Can be used for more than just a time killer. Can learn from it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We got this tablet for my son and it has been a great fit. The screen is sharp but the tablet is a little sluggish. Considering the price and that it is intended for children I think it is great.	USB-C Charging Cable
A Christmas gift for my granddaughter. It was a big hit!	Google Phone
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 7yr old granddaughter and it's very easy for her to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
A good starter tablet, but very very slow. Don't expect and I Pad savy child to enjoy this. But for a true beginner it would be fine.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 4 year old love to watch movies and this is perfect for him!	Apple Airpods Headphones
We purchased this for our 3 year grandson for Christmas and he just fell in love with it. Great learning tool to start kids off with!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this tablet as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter who just started kindergarten and it is helping her tremendously with her basic skills in counting and reading in English and foreign languages. She also enjoys having the tablet to read stories to her as it lights up the words for her to read along. She loves the ability to watch her favorite programs as well. This was most definitely a worthwhile purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
I researched other tablets before purchasing the Amazon Fire Kids Edition. This tablet is everything I thought it would be and more. Great price too. Lots of available features and apps. Very easy to use. My 2 year old grandson loves it!!! He' s having lots of fun and learning.	Google Phone
My grandkids love to use it. It has so much for them to choose and they learn too.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
my 2 year old daughter loves this tablet! I witnessed her drop it once (off the couch to laminate floor) nothing I can tell was affected. I was a little reluctant to buy this for such a young child, but with the way we seem to rely on technology these days, plus the cost, I just had to buy it. my favorite feature is the parental controls that allow me to set times ...not just times that it can be used but for certain content as well! I can set the tablet so when my older kids (10 and 8) log in, they need to complete educational tasks for an allotted amount of time before free play... and the whole thing logs out after a certain time so I don't have to go searching for it in their rooms at night :) great tablet, glad I got the bumper too, great price	Macbook Pro Laptop
Boy! If I had something like this when I was a kid. The learning devices these kids have today. Makes learning about different things in & around the world a fun experience. all the other activities & downloadable apps, they can be on it for hours. Like it!	iPhone
"Kids love their Kindles!!! Amazon freetime allows them access to tons of age appropriate content. They love the games, apps and videos available to them based on their age. The only reason I give this 4 stars is due to the charging connectors. They are not ""kid friendly"" and the kids bent both of them upon the first time they unplugged their devices on their own. Otherwise, Kindle kids is amazing!!!"	Lightning Charging Cable
The guy at the store was really helpful. There was not a pink Fire Kids Edition so he looked on top of all the shelves and found one. My four year old grand daughter loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for smaller kids that cannot play or get to play on Xbox games with 7 other Siblings	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good tablet for kids, only down side is the YouTube for kids app isn't available for the kindle fire	Flatscreen TV
Great for smaller kids who are Too young to play or get a turn to play on Xbox games with 7 siblings	Apple Airpods Headphones
Set up for kids right out of the box. Can't beat Amazon's warranty either. Thanks for providing an outstanding product.	Wired Headphones
My granddaughter is really enjoying this tablet and even though she is only three she is able to easily use it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves it. Much faster than her last tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My granddaughter loves this system. It is easy for her to hold, and she loves to play games on it.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought this tablet for our 2 year old. She loves to watch videos of nursery rhymes and Bubble Guppies. I can finally get some housework done without interruption. So user friendly, even a 2 year old can figure it out!	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for several reasons, the 2 year warranty, ease of use. My granddaughter is 21 months old and she has figured it out. Very durable, she drops it and it keeps on working	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This tablet is AWESOME for kids. She is 3 years old and has had it since Christmas. It is easy for her to use and play on her own. It has been dropped multiple times and you'd never know it!!	Wired Headphones
Great pad to give the little ones a headstart to the world of tech. Very sturdy cover, nice size for little hands to grip. Very reasonable price. Great buy !!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Limit kids usage of electronics by time but still allow them to play. A must buy for kids	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great unit my neice can use when traveling to watch videos and take photos.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Growing up I didn't have electronics but this thing is awesome for kids. You can limit usage and break down how much time they can spend doing certain things. Great buy	iPhone
Would not take a charge, good thing i tried before wrapping it for Christmas.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great, non-expensive item for my kids to us and not destroy my Ipad.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this for my 3 year old granddaughter after having purchased her older sister one last year when she was 3. It's comforting knowing it has as durable cover to endure the energy of a toddler.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my daughter. It's a little limited in what it can do, but she loves it. She's a little too young to understand the games, but she loves watching cartoons on it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great little lap top with touch screen, absolutely ruins you.	Lightning Charging Cable
My daughter loves it!! Great color, light weight, rubber cover for protection.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use, love the color and my daughter loves it. Easy to set up very happy with my purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 3 year old son for Christmas. It keeps him busy while my wife and I take him out to dinner at a restaurant. It's relatively easy to use and he likes some of the kids videos we downloaded for free.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My child loves her tablet and I love it. It keeps her busy with learning games and books	Google Phone
I love that you can read books as well as play games with this tablet. I bought 2 of them for my little boy and girl. We just charge them up and let them play with them in the car on road trips. They are quite!!! The only thing is, I wish they would have a section of games that can be played without wifi. Some of the apps need wifi to run and some do not. Overall though, I love this tablet!	Wired Headphones
This tablet is great. Because it's from Amazon, you can easily switch to a different profile and use it when the kids finally put it down. I have 2 1/2 year old twins and it's hard to get them to sit down. With the Kid's Kindle Fire, they are more than happy to settle down on the couch and play. I highly recommend buying one. It is a life saver!	20in Monitor
This has been a wonderful tablet for our 9 year old son. I was able to set reading achievements that he must complete before he can play his games or watch videos. I like how you can secure it and adjust the setting to what we find appropriate for our child.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
kid proof! bought for my grand babies and they love it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good quality little tablet, great for kids. Locked down and does not run full Android so you cannot use google play store apps.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a good tablet for kids the only thing I really don't like is the fact that you need to put in a credit card to be able to get apps but other than that is ok	Apple Airpods Headphones
Searched around for the perfect tablet for my 3 year old. After testing tablets in stores and reading reviews online the kids fire stood out. The 2 year warranty and free year access to kids content is amazing. The soft foam case provides coverage for drops, the battery life is good for a few hours of play time and the charge time is quick after. For the money this tablet cannot be beat , only minor issue ive noticed is having connection issue with networks at times but this is can be fixed by disconcerting and reconnecting to network. Overall this is a Best Buy for the money, tablet can also be used for adults when you exit the free time app.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Give this product a 10 tons of great learning programs.	27in FHD Monitor
They learned how to use it very quickly! Great for travelling in the car...reduces boredom!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My granddaughter loves this tablet. She is two and has no problem playing the games and using this tablet. It's very user friendly and keeps her busy for hours.	Flatscreen TV
Great generic tablet for looking to keep kids occupied. Mine enjoy the FreeTime Unlimited, and the child restrictions are great for my needs.My only concern has been for the space available. I was amazed at how quickly they ate up 32 GB of space on apps.	USB-C Charging Cable
I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Used this on a trip from SF to Maui for my 4 year old. She loved it. Perfectly suited for a toddler.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet is a nice budget friendly device that is also rugged. It has survived countless falls from my 3 yr old. He loves it and it keeps him learning for hours.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We love this tablet for our 2 year old. She can operate it on her own and it has a great variety of educational and learning games for her. We love that it has skype capabilities but the volume for skype is very quiet. Overall great tablet for a first tablet for kids!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was the perfect gift for my grand kids they love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got it for my grand daughter's third birthday. The memory is small with the original purchase but you can buy more and I was okay with that.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My two daughters really enjoy using their Fire tablet. It is really easy to use, sturdy, high definition, has tons of awesome apps integrated for children. My girls were Apple users, yet it was easy to transition.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Maybe I had higher expectationin general i will not recommend since the service of Amazon solving situations is not as good as in other products, I've had so much troubles with the amazon free time, I am even not longer using it (it was one of the ""big"" features on the advertisment. I will recommend to look for other alternatives before to take a decision on buying this product"	USB-C Charging Cable
When this item is charged it works great, but it takes too long to charge. Asking my 3 year old to wait about 3 hours (no exaggerating) is a bit much. We have tried to buy a new charger and it still takes just as long. My niece has this same tablet and it take about 45 minutes to charge once it is fully dead	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This thing is pretty cool. My nephew is pretty rough on this thing and it holds up. Nice job on the heavy duty case. It is a little slow though.	iPhone
Love this for my youngest. He had a Nabi, but it just wasn't as user friendly as this is.	iPhone
We purchased 4 of these for our grandkids aged 18 months to 6 yrs and all 4 of them love them. They play with them daily for as long as their parental limits allow. They are very durable and come with a very kid durable skin. The 2 year warranty that covers everything was the selling part for us. The one con is that you don't get google play store.	Wired Headphones
purchased for 4 yr old, he loves it the fact he can play games or movies, love the parental controls as I am able to monitor how much he is on it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought these for my 5yr old twin grandkids and the enjoy the learning games so much. Love that you can limit how long child is engaged with apps, games, or movies on this and that my daughter can use her amazon prime acct with this! 2yr amazon warranty is amazing as well	USB-C Charging Cable
A great little tablet built for kids with access to volumes of free apps for a year, including books, games, etc. It can be easily used by kids of almost any age.	Wired Headphones
My granddaughter loves this tablet it is durable..	Apple Airpods Headphones
Would definitely recommend to family and friends that have little kids great learning tablet	USB-C Charging Cable
volume is a problem we have to take off the protective case for it to sound clear.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this for my 3 year old due to it having the bumper and I will tell you it's well worth it. I couldn't tell you how many times its been dropped and survives every time.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was looking for a reader that was light enough to hold With one hand and this one is perfect.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Thought this came without special offers, the staff told me it didn't. Amazon had a sale on this when I bought it, and I thought I was just getting the same deal, but I had to pay $20 later to get rid of the ads	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This is the second Kindle I've purchased, and I love my Kindle! What I don't like is that every time a device is ""upgraded,"" the upgrades are annoying. On this Kindle, the ""home"" page is changed - it lists My Reading List and My Library. So you have to press My Library to choose a new book. Then it's a list of the books. Why couldn't they just leave the home page showing the small pictures of the books you bought? I have no idea what My Reading List is - it lists books I've never heard of, by authors and topics of which I have no interest. Still, I would recommend a Kindle to anyone who reads books. The screen is easy to read, you can make the fonts bigger or smaller. I don't feel the battery lasts any longer than my old one did, but it's easy to charge. It's thin and lightweight, and I pretty much carry my Kindle wherever I go. Anyone who buys a Kindle will definitely NOT be disappointed!!!"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is the best of all kindles- affordable and easier to read. The backlight option is good to read in dark.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Paperwhite has many improvements over my first Kindle with a lighted touch screen, wifi, and ability to swipe to turn the page. I love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Very good to see on nite. I love it thanks Pedro on Best Buy if south beach for take ur time to explain me. Thanks Best Buy	Wired Headphones
I am a long time Kindle user. I also have a Kindle Fire 8. I keep buying the newer versions because I like the product very much.	LG Washing Machine
I bought this product for traveling for its light weight and paper like reading. It was fine with e-books, but I had some PDF file I wanted to read on it. I could load the PDFs, but hard to read. No font enlargable for PDFs. Plus, the screen is not very responsive as screens in tablets. I ended up return it.	
Small enough to fit into a small bag. Wonderful to use to pass the time when waiting for transportations and appointments and the paperwhite can be used in low level lighting. It is easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this as a gift for a family member. She recently used this on a week long vacation and enjoyed the long batter life during the plane trip. The reader was also easy to read in the sun while at the beach.	Wired Headphones
I have several Kindle versions. My daughter bought this for her birthday as she loves reading several series. She doesn't have to carry a bag full of bulky books on trips or use a light to read at night. It stores many books in a very small space and if she wants to reread a book she can simply go to her account and download it again if it's not on her Kindle. The battery lasts a long time too. She now takes it to school to read during down time. I took mine on a 2 week trip to the Galapagos. I used on in the airport, on my flights, and several times every day since there was no internet or tv on my ship. It took up very little space and weight on a restricted baggage limit and I didn't have to recharge it. Also, It's much easier to hold vs a big book.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the Kindle Paperwhite as I can read it indoors and outdoors with no glare issues. I'm able to download books as needed very quickly. Keeps me updated in my reading library.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like the dim light, it doesn't damage my eyesight.	Lightning Charging Cable
normally I have been using the Kindle app on my phone but this device is really easy on the eyes and is pleasure to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
For a reading device, you cannot do better than Kindle. And, if you're going to get a Kindle, get the Paperwhite as the lights on the screen are worth the extra cost over the base model. You will NOT regret it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I've been a Kindle user since the very first one came out to the market and I always wanted to be able to use touch to communicate with the device. This Kindle allows me to do just that.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The resolution and contrast of the screen are excellent but the real selling points are how easy it is to read in natural light including bright sunlight and the battery life. I have only charged it once since I got it about 3 weeks ago.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Really good quality piece and would strongly recommend	iPhone
Really great and very clear and good reading just great	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Own the kindle from 2010. i bought this one because of the backlight.i can read without an external light source.Love my old kindle and love this one as well. Would highly recommend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Working great so far. Battery holds a charge much better and longer than old regular Kindle that we had. Best Buy did match lower price that they advertised days after I purchased this one. Very satisfied with product and Best Buy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I really like this product. Much better than my old kindle	Wired Headphones
Was using the Kindle app on my phone and running the battery down and dealing with glare. Paperwhite resolves both these issues. Not a real bookbetter.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great in the sun. Only complaint is that it scratches easily.	27in FHD Monitor
This is my third Kindle reader and I love it as much as I loved the others! Light and comfortable to hold, especially in bed.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Really great piece very good quality and very clear	20in Monitor
Great kindle very clear reading would forsure recommend	Wired Headphones
the size is perfect ....the battery excellent ....got it on a sale .....love it	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a great replacement for my previous Kindle, which is more than 5 years old. However, I liked my old Kindle well enough, and I couldn't justify an upgrade considering the more than $100 price tag. That's why I waited for a one-day sale to pick up the Paperwhite.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is so easy to read no matter where you are...beach, train or airplane!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like set the font on large so I can read without my reading glasses. I can read at night without turning on the light.	Wired Headphones
Researched alot and found this to be the best for the money. Great for traveling and overall reading. I love real books but going to library was getting harder with my work schedule. Plus I can loan out my books and keep them to reread later!	ThinkPad Laptop
I really wanted to buy this kindle paperwhite and I can't be happier. I would definitely recommend to anyone wanting for a e-book reader. Really nice product really love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Unable to use for anything but Kindle and this severely limits its usefulness. The screen is very readable in sunlight, nice feature.	Product
I've always used e-readers. The Kindle Paper White is extremely light weight, easy to use and wonderful for night reading when your partner is trying to sleep. I have a specific eye problem with one of my eyes and find I have to read large print books and they can be difficult to find. The Kindle allows me to read EVERYTHING! I love it. And it is great indoors or out.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This e-reader does not strain my eyes and works great in any lighting, including full sun.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Simple to use. Backlighting a true necessity for me. Third Kindle purchased.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's great deal for a person who's working at nite. Thanks	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great value. first time trying this particular product. very happy	27in FHD Monitor
Love to have access to books anywhere I want or need	Lightning Charging Cable
Love it. Love reading on my new kindle. Should of bought sooner.	Lightning Charging Cable
If you are a reader, this is the e-reader to own. I have ipads, Samsung tablets and two nooks, but this is the one I love. Get yours!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Does as advertised, good product and reliable A+++	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great for reading!I only wish it could be larger and more compatible with pdf files	Lightning Charging Cable
Needed to replace my original Kindle with a keyboard. Was leary about new model as very pleased with original. This is improvement as same size screen, but smaller in overall size and easier to scroll through pages.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and fast on. Great for sun or night A+++	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I lost my first Kindle Paperwhite on an airplane and replaced it with the newest version. I transferred my account easily to the new Kindle keeping my entire library. Love it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Easiest device to read a book on. Easy to read in any light and easy to hold.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I just love my new Kindle paperwhite.	ThinkPad Laptop
I got this because I could not read my books on my iPad at the beach. This allows me to read in the sun. Best product ever, great price	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is really nice, my first kindle ereader, it fits in my purse. Love this!	iPhone
This replaced my 5 year old keyboard unit which died after hitting the floor. I expect this will be every bit as good. Kindle is my favorite reader.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have a older kindle.. It dosent have a back light. My old one still works great but I wanted the back light. Love my new paper white kindle..	USB-C Charging Cable
I had a kindle years ago and decided to try one again. I'm so glad I did!! The lighting seems to make it easier for me to read and see the words without my reading glasses!!I with I could put my own screen saver on it, and wish best buy carried the cases in colors!!	Wired Headphones
I love this thing and bring it with me everywhere. My only problem is the backlight, hear me out I suggest this if your a serious reader. The problem is that reading a glowing page is off putting and one of the reasons I bought a paper white 3. Becuase I can't read on a iPad for but maybe 20 mins. But its not that bad I usually just turn it off becuase most of my reading is done in daylight. All in all great but not perfect. And if your into occult reads like I am be ready to fork out the $$$ for them. The selection does leave some to be desired but not bad. I give the kindle store for books a 3 out of 5. If your not a serious reader(3+ books a week imo) I I would go with a voyage or if you can stick to the iPad I would do that.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Best E-reader on the market. Screen is crisp and clear and everything just works great	Lightning Charging Cable
Two improvements needed. Better browser, it is awkward to use to connect to library. Also want to see black background with white lettering for night reading	Google Phone
Great little reader, long battery life, light weight, easy on the eyes, I use it at the gym.	USB-C Charging Cable
I started with a very old original kindle. Amd have been debating for... Well months if I should upgrade. I kept putting it off. My husband tells me I was dropping subtle hints all the time and he finally decided to pick it up for me and surprise me with it! I was at first a little put off with the rather high price but honestly once I started reading and playing with it... It is definitely worth it! This version more than the $200 one fits my style and in my opinion is better than the pricier one. You won't be disappointed!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The resolution and contrast are great, and unlike multi-use tablets, this performs great in direct sunlight. With the adjustable light, it's also great for pitch-black rooms. The battery life is also better than any tablet you'll find. I can't imagine going back to paper books ever again, not only because of the convenience of the Kindle, but Kindle books are always cheaper than their physical counterparts! I love this thing.	Wired Headphones
Great alternative to an internet connected/gaming tablet for a reading device for kids to use in bed at night.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My only knock against this product is my girlfriend uses it so much I barely have a chance to read on it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for a gift and the receiver loves it. It's so easy to read.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is the newest Kindle with improved resolution. Fantastic device for the beach or any outdoor reading.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my first kindle purchase, and I couldn't be happier with it. Before I bought it I was very concerned that it would be too small for me to enjoy reading on, but my concern was soon expunged. I have always read books, then as I grew older and my eye sight grew worse, I moved to reading on my iPad Air because I could increase the size of the print. The downside to my iPad though, was that it would get heavy to hold as I read, and after a while I would get some eye strain from the light being projected out from the device, even in night mode to a point, even though that was much better. So I decided to try the Kindle Paperwhite with the new 300 ppi type. I couldn't be happier with it. It's light to hold, even in one hand, which I do a lot, I can still adjust the type size to what I want, the type is very crisp and easy to read, and I find that I don't get the eye strain that I used to. One other benefit to the Kindle is that reading outside is even better than reading inside, which can not be said for the iPad.Another benefit to the Kindle is that if I still feel like reading the book for a while on my iPad, using the free Kindle app, my iPad syncs perfectly with my Kindle, so that it will start on the same page that I stopped on with my Kindle, so that I can seamlessly move from one device to the other.The only slight disappointment that I had with it, was that the battery doesn't last as long as they lead you to believe. I found myself having to recharge it about two thirds the way through the book, but realistically that's no big deal to me.If you are debating on whether or not the Kindle Paperwhite would be right for you to read on, my recommendation is to buy it. I don't think that you will be disappointed.	Lightning Charging Cable
If, like I, you own an earlier generation Kindle that isn't a Paperwhite, this latest model is WELL WORTH THE UPGRADE.If you don't, it's like having a wider but really no thicker or heavier iPhone 6 Plus to read your Kindle app books (and to use Goodreads) on outdoors. (It even has Airplane Mode.)It had me at its crisp, crisp backlit display and quick response to touch. (I had to really press vs. tap on the older Kindle, and it was so slow to take/load.)	Google Phone
I highly recommenf the new Paperwhite kindle. Such great reading anywhere!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
already own two of these so i am familiar with product. this is a present	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle is much better than the original version. The back light makes it easy to reader in low light.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Back lighting is great. Much better than the shining light you pull out. The light on our old kindle could not be dimmed at night. Lots of cool new features!	ThinkPad Laptop
Haven't had a chance to use for books yet, but have used dictionary.Display is great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So happy I went with the Kindle Paperwhite. LOVE it!	USB-C Charging Cable
I just purchased it yesterday, and am no expert by far, but setup was a breeze. I also took it to the beach today and found that it was like reading a piece of paper. Amazing.	iPhone
Small, light weight and easy to read. Read in the bright sunlight with no glare and read in the dark without disturbing anyone.	Lightning Charging Cable
I recently bought it and it was my first kindle. Previously seen the color version (kindle fire) & comparing the kindle paper white vs other tablets I like that you can read ebook only so there is no distraction. Usually when I grab an iPad or any smart tablet the least I do is read since there so many other things you can do. The kindle paper white will put you to read the minute you grab it leaving the last page you left off on your ebook. It's lightVery clear (easy on your eyes)Back light for night use( adjustable brightness)Comparing all the models this one was the best pick for the money.	LG Dryer
Light, backlight makes it easy to read, easy to operate, reasonably priced	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My FIrst Kindle and already loving it. Very Lightweight	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Pages look great. Adding books and documents is a snap. Reading books on this kindle is fun. Also very useful for manuals, installation guides and other technology related materials, since they tend to be very big in print.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was iffy about choosing between this kindle and the newer one. This kindle has gotten me to read more and I love it. That's why I bought it. No flaws in it, exactly what I wanted!	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use, light weight, very good price. Highly recommend this product!	LG Dryer
This is a great reader for children or adults, students, or just for pleasure. It's small, lightweight, easy to transport. It performed as expected based on the product description and reviews. It met or exceeded my expectations. I can use it at the pool, at the beach, in the house, in low light situations. I love my Kindle Paprewhite.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a fantastic EReader - very light and hand hold is just right. Love the backlight feature for reading at night without needing a light on.	iPhone
After having worn out one Kindle and discovered Kindle Fire can't be read in sunlight, I decided on the Kindle paperwhite. Infinitely readable and the light adjusts. I love the new Bookerly font	USB-C Charging Cable
Second generation Kindle finally died, and already have Android tablets, but the Kindle app on those tablets isn't easy to read and the tablets are heavy.This new Paperwhite Kindle is awesome for reading only, and is lightweight with extremely long battery life.Best dedicated Kindle product yet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
this kindle paperwhite new generation is really good.the display has been improved from the older version.its clear and easy to read than the older one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like the kindle. The only thing is there's a little light fluctuation at the bottom of the screen.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The new paperwhite is a big improvement over the first generation Kindle I had. The text is much more crisp and easier to read, and the backlit screen makes reading possible in any lighting condition.	Wired Headphones
With this 3rd generation of the Kindle Paperwhite, Amazon really created the best reading experience for a reasonable price. I previously owned a first generation Paperwhite, and the increase in resolution (300ppi, up from 212ppi) is really noticeable. After reading on this for a while, it is slightly disturbing to see jagged edges around text of the older Paperwhite. The white balance of the screen has also improved, with a slightly warmer, book-ish experience instead of the cooler, electronic-display-ish screen of the old on. Additionally, the screen can get crazy low in brightness! Ideal for someone who prefers to read in bed at night with the lights turned off.. if you thought the previous Kindles got dark, this takes it to a whole new level of dimness.	Lightning Charging Cable
The new version has 300ppi, which is the same as the voyage. There is no reason to pay for extra $80 just for the page press.	Google Phone
I used to read with my ipad , but there was always a glare in the car and even in my house when the sun was coming in the window. The Paperwhite takes care of all glare problems I had, so now I can read whenever and wherever I want.	Lightning Charging Cable
Washer great size, Customer service was great, the sales person very nice and helpful.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had an older Kindle and enjoyed it for many years. After I accidentally left it out in the rain, I was worried that I would not enjoy the newer versions as much as I had the old version. I was wrong. I absolutely love it! I enjoy reading outdoors and it's great to be able to read into the night - the fact that it is backlit is great!	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the kindle.. Reading is so much easier especially traveling and at beach	USB-C Charging Cable
"This review comes with a caveat. Many tech sites say e-readers are dying, kind of like the ""Nintendo is doooooomed"" crowd, or the GPS is obsolete argument. I don't disagree. As our phones become more sophisticated and the phone screen sizes continue to balloon up to tablet-like proportions, dedicated devices will continue to go the way of the dodo. But sometimes, if you're interested enough, a dedicated device is precisely what you need. I had (key word: ""had"") an ipad mini 2 that I had been using as my all-round in-bed Netflix + reading machine. Except I'd get about 3 seconds in before getting nudged by my wife due to half the room being lit up. As I spend more time reading on my ipad than watching Netflix, I decided to sell my ipad mini and just buy 2 kindles - one for my wife and myself. The new Kindle Paperwhite feels just as solid as the outgoing model, but the resolution is now 300 dpi. The e-ink screen almost feels like a page of a paperback when you swipe, and in my personal preference, I like that.The battery is rated to last 6-8 weeks on average between the various tech sites, which trumps my ipad mini by several life cycles. Yes the screen has to refresh unlike a tablet, but it's not very noticeable and I don't find it distracting at all for reading.Cases aren't nearly as ubiquitous as for the ipad, so you've basically got the standard Amazon-branded leather case or offbrand cases from sites like Ebay.I enjoy reading, and I frankly don't want to wear any thicker glasses than I already have. Backlight can cause bad eye strain, so that's another plus for the Kindle over the iPad.In summary, TL;DR: if you want a dedicated e-reader, you can't go wrong with the Kindle PW. The price:performance ratio is much better than the Voyage IMHO.But that's assuming that you're somebody who spends enough time reading to make the Kindle device worth carrying. If you only read for a few seconds here and there, adding an extra device to lug around isn't for you. So like a Garmin, the market has a specific niche and YMMV depending on your needs. For me, the Kindle was a great fit."	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great reader and has lots of new features. Go with Kindle Paperwhite.	iPhone
This is great for a reader. I was hoping to get a Kindle Paperwhite that had internet access through a browser. From I can tell that option is not available. But, we definately wanted the PaperWhite.	Vareebadd Phone
Works in lots of light and very minimal light. Battery seems to last a long time. Finished an entire book (Maze Runner) and the battery indicator barely went down.	Wired Headphones
This is exactly what I was wanting. It's perfect for what I want and it holds so many books!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Now I can read in the bright sun or in the darkness of the night. Love it!	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought it over kindle HD for my kid to encourage his reading instead of internet/game addiction. He completed Harry Potter series in 3 weeks. What a good decision to but it.	Lightning Charging Cable
It was one of the best purchases I have ever made!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
New model Paperwhite purchased on first day of release. It is as advertised. Lightweight, easy to read in bright light, adjustable brightness, text size and style and connects to my Kindle library with available wifi.But that's all. No access to any program or games except to buy another book.	Wired Headphones
Replaced our old kindle. Still the best for reading outdoors	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought the Kindle Paperwhite as a gift for a 80 year old relative. The relative was very excited to get it and thoroughly enjoys using it.	Wired Headphones
Kindle is great as long as you only use it to read books. The web interface is pretty rough, so I put books on it straight from my computer. I love that you can e-mail files directly to your kindle! The lighting is also much improved from the last time I had an e-reader (the Nook) and is perfect whether you're reading inside, outside, or in the dark.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an amazing ereader! The screen is crisp and clear. Super responsive to the touch. There are lots of fonts and sizes, so reading is a real pleasure, even when I'm tired. Very light and comfortable to hold. The light is perfect for reading at night without bothering your partner.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great to read at night in bed. Great detail and easy on the eyes.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Paperwhite is very comfortable to hold in one hand and lighting is noticeably improved	USB-C Charging Cable
It's great to read in any kind of light. There is a tiny bit of bleeding at the top edge but nothing noticeable unless you are actively looking for inperfections. Makes reading easy and accessible in a light for factor.	Wired Headphones
I have a lot of reading to do as a teacher. This is a perfect product and easy on the eyes.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Reading a book, it's great. Working with PDF files, not so great. Also please be aware that Amazon Customer Service will treat you like a pariah because you purchased this Kindle from Best Buy instead of directly through their store.	Wired Headphones
This is my third kindle, and I am thrilled with the new display! Money well spent	iPhone
This is my third Kindle - they just keep getting better.	Google Phone
The new paperwhite reaches the sweet point of price and specs. I'll not pay for the extra 80 bucks just for the page press.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have an iPad and find it very difficult to read books on the iPad as there is too much glare and the text isn't sharp. This Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic and the fonts and text is just like in a paper book. It's easy to read, and allows you to adjust to the perfect setting for ones preference.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have nothing but good things to say about the kindle! The Backlit screen makes reading at night very easy. I am a heavy reader and the battery still lasts for weeks!	USB-C Charging Cable
I have used the Kindle app on an iPad and Android tablet and phone and I love it. This is my first Kindle device, so I can't compare it to previous Kindle versions. The only drawback to using the Kindle app on the previoulsy-mentioned devices is that they can't be seen in direct sunlight. And that is the biggest advantage I see to owning a Kindle--you can read outside in daylight. Also, the kindle is very light and portable and easy to use. It does what it says it will do and you can't beat the battery life. The X-ray feature is also a bonus that you don't get with the app.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I use it everyday. Battery is great and the screen is marvelous. It even has the Web browser, :), and I have used it even though it lags. I will recommend this to family and friends.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend and she's over the moon about it. She's already purchased dozens of books to read on it and carries it around wherever she goes. I'd say that's the sign of a great product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Best pad for reading EVER! I would highly recommend anyone to get this product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife thought tablet was to bright this more like reading book. Keeps charge alot longer and works with amazon prime. So this very good purchase at very good price!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Unbelievable! Everyone should get one! I wasn't sure if use it, but I do all of the time.	LG Washing Machine
Tried Voyage and Paperwhite. I like Paperwhite, why to spend more.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this to replace my old kindl its a bit smaller also easyer to handle	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have had each of the models released and this current one with the 300 ppi is the best so far. Reading screen is excellent. Fonts are crisp and clear.	Vareebadd Phone
I purchased this for my wife who had been reading e books on her Samsung tablet with the Kindle app. She reads 2-4 hours each day and had been having headaches and realized it was from the glare. I purchased the Kindle Paperwhite 3 and she absolutely love it. It's light, turns pages on a touch and the back lighting is adjustable. So far I have no complaints	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my 3rd Kindle by far the best one . Love it	ThinkPad Laptop
Fantastic product for a fantastic price and a fantastic service!!!!!	ThinkPad Laptop
Works well great outdoors in the sun. Better than iPad for books.	Flatscreen TV
I like the fact that I can sit outside on a sunny day and read.	Wired Headphones
The paperwhite is wonderful. The functionality is great, battery life is awesome, and is so much better than trying to read a book on my phone. Recommend to anyone who loves to read, especially at night. Very easy on the eyes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very happy with this kindle. Easy to set up and use. All my books purchased previously on Amazon came right down to the device. Now I'm all set for vacation reading without a carry-on full of books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have owned a Kindle since the second generation came out, but this device is by far the best bang for the money. Less expensive than the Voyage, the new Paperwhite looks crisper than the previous generation, feels good in my hands, and allows me to read in the dark comfortably without bothering those around me. Highly recommended!	USB-C Charging Cable
Just as advertised. Stunning bright white HD font. It's easier to read than an actual book. My eyes do not get fatigued.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice buy, great resolution I dimmed lightingWeight is good too	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I kept waiting for a good deal since this new 300ppi kindle released. There's no discount from Amazon. However, I received student coupon from Bestbuy with $20 discount. That was an amazing deal! Now I start to read the song of ice and fire with my new kindle!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
makes me fell in love with reading again. I had an old version, the 4th generation and I didn't expect too much change with the new one. But in fact, it did make me feel total differently. The screen is much more exquisite, the whole materials is not that plastic feel any more. I just love it. The only regret is that, a few days after my made the purchase, there is the $10 saving promotion...	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"This is my first ereader. I've wanted one for awhile but wasn't impressed with features until the two most recent versions of Paperwhite were released (I have the latest version). I've read a few books and several magazines on it, so at this point I'm familiar with it. Basic functionality is excellent. For reading text it's pretty straightforward; magazine articles with images worked well for me, but I can see where screen formatting could be an issue for more complex illustrations. The backlight is very good (I wouldn't buy an ereader without it). Pages flips are lightening fast, and the touch screen is mostly quite responsive with minimal pressure (I have a few complaints, see below). Nice integration with the Amazon leather cover, you can just close the book and it shuts down. Buying books from Amazon is simple, and they are delivered via my home WiFi in seconds. Battery life seems endless, and recharge is simple (the included cable charges via a PC, wall charger is an accessory you must purchase). Great device for older readers, as you can kick up the font size and lighting for squint-free reading. It's about the size of a small paperback book and as light as a feather.My complaints: 1) Ads are mildly annoying, it's aggravating to pay more for an ad-free version; 2) Availability of books from my local library remain shockingly limited, even though these devices are hardly new; 3) The Amazon library for book loans (available for a monthly fee) is also very limited. I had a 30-day trial period, during which time I searched for several classic novels on both Amazon and my local library -- big fat zero across the board for my entire reading list. Want to read Catch-22 or Atlas Shrugged? You've got to buy it. ; 4) Highlighting is clumsy using a finger, although I've improved over time. Changing the highlighted area by dragging the electronic tabs is useless; 5) If you like to flip through a book, the Paperwhite will take you to the furthest page touched when you reopen the book. If you've read 50 pages, but went forward to see something on pages 180-190, you'll return to 191 next time. If you flip around a lot you'll get a real mess. Manual bookmarks are the only solution. 6) It's my understanding that when you buy a book from Amazon, you are getting a license to read that book on an Amazon device only (you are not getting a generic ebook that will work forever on any device). So if you buy a different brand of ereader 5 years from now you'll have to rebuy your library.Despite all this, I'm glad I bought it and would recommend it if you'd like a dedicated ereader versus a tablet."	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as a replacement for my wife's old Kindle 3g. I got the wifi version only since she rarely used the 3g. I have to say that this version is much nicer in some ways and is lacking in others. My wife really misses the physical keyboard, but she has quickly gotten used to the touch-screen. The dpi is MUCH better, and the screen is much easier to read. The refresh times are a lot better. I don't see there being a need to upgrade if yours is currently working, but you shouldn't hesitate if you're in the market for an excellent e-book reader.	Wired Headphones
When I just want to read, the Kindle Paperwhite is everything I need. It does not strain my eyes, so I can read longer if I want. The front lit screen is perfect in dim light. It is small, so I can take it with me easily. I send documents to it regularly and I prefer reading it than anything else!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Works as suppos to do, buy it is ok, no worries do it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I lil tho version of kindle because theres no glare on it when ur outside n I wrk outside as a crossing guard n between shifts I read n I also read before I go to sleep n i can turn the light lower so it does not wake my husband.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my wife on her Birthday, she loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have been using this reader for a couple of months, and I am wondering how come I waited so long to buy one!	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to read and the books are easy to download and less expensive than paper books and save on the storage space that paper books require.	ThinkPad Laptop
My old one was lifeless and so I replaced it with this. So glad I did, worth every penny!	Lightning Charging Cable
I have enjoyed my Kindle. I am an avid reader and receive savings on my books. Love the ability to select font size too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My original kindle keyboard died after four years. I spent the day looking at reviews online and asking friends about theirs. Went out that night and made my purchase. Love it! Wish I'd retired the other one sooner.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased kindle paperwhite after my kindle touch of three years fell and broke. I love the light on the paperwhite and that I no longer need to use a separate book light. The light is adjustable, which I love because when I'm reading in the dark in bed, just a little light is needed. Great price and great product	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this kindle as its light, user friendly and great purchase	Lightning Charging Cable
very easy to use and the battery life is execellent	Macbook Pro Laptop
I wore out my first generation paperwhite......onto the next! Kindle paperwhites are the way to go!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect products with perfect recommendations. I enjoy with kindle. Thank you	20in Monitor
Just like reading a book except you can highlight and read in the dark, so great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Kindle. The screen looks the same as the Voyager to my eyes. Couldn't imagine traveling without it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to read in any light, Battery seems to last forever, size & weight easy to carry along everywhere.	ThinkPad Laptop
The Kindle Paperwhite does the job it is supposed to do, but noticeably slower than the methods I have used previously (iPad, computer, phone). I think Amazon needs to bump up the processing power of this device to compete with other tablets and devices. I would recommend this to a friend, but with some reservation.	Wired Headphones
I bought this as a replacement for my Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite High Resolution the few minor things that were different were added plus but nothing to really stand alone I noticed it was crisper and the light was much better then the previous one.	Google Phone
I like to have a book in my hand when I read, but needed an electronic book reader for our overseas trip. Kindle Whitepaper was great. will you use when I am eating since there is no pages to hold down like you do with a book.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great in sunlight. Long battery life. Very happy with purchase.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My wife loves it and won't let me use it. I may just have to go get my own!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I use it almost every day, the battery last longer than I think.	Vareebadd Phone
Lost my older Kindle touch so needed to purchase a new one. Much the same as the old-which is good, not a hard learning curve. This one however now has the light, which is great. Very light in weight also. Definitely recommend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased as a gift. Quick ship. Great product. You can't go wrong with a kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have 90 books in my hand at all times, and will be adding more. I can read anywhere, light or dark and don't even need glasses. It was simple to put 30 books on the kindle in minutes. Wishing I had gotten one years ago. My Dad even wants one! I love my Kindle paperwhite!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I find this tablet very easy to use and easy to read at night	Vareebadd Phone
Purchased this is a replacement for a television during a move. So far, I haven't been missing the programs. Kindle makes reading easy, accessible and fun. I take it with me everywhere I go during the day (I live in a busy metro area) and it fits neatly into my backpack. Great for bike commuters or train riders. Accessible, cheap entertainment with a fantastic build quality.**Side note: I originally bought a basic Kindle, and traded up for this. Very glad I did! It is much better than the original, and the 300 dpi plus back light makes a huge difference.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is extremely handy and easy to use. The library of books available on Amazon is extensive. The ability to have a device that can hold hundred of book in the palm of your hand is unparalleled.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle paper white is great for anyone who likes to read on the run. The clarity of the type and the lack of glare make this perfect for any reading environment.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm a traditionalist who loves real books and buys mostly hardcovers. As a consequence, I resisted getting a Kindle for a long time. I'll have to admit now that I wish I'd gotten one sooner. A tremendous amount of research must have gone into the way readers interact with real books, because nothing about the Kindle gets in way of actual reading.	Flatscreen TV
I love reading before going to bed, but backlit electronic devices tend to keep me awake just when I should be getting tired enough to fall asleep. The screen has a great resolution, the device is a snap to set up, and there's little to no glare if you take it outside. Additionally, the battery lasts just about forever. Straight out of the box I used it for almost three weeks before I charged I, and I still had nearly a quarter charge left. It's now my preferred reading device as compared to my tablets, which include an iPad and an LG Gpad. Highly recommended.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 12 year old son. He loves it and read much more now. Works as expected....Great!	Wired Headphones
Handy size, easy to read in all situations and we can even send other documents than books to it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this paperwhite! Great for reading at home, at night or at the beach. Would definitely recommend for anyone else.	20in Monitor
I would recommend the Kindle Paper White to anyone.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife previously had a nook that sadly broke due to an untimely drop. We purchased the paperwhite and she can't say enough positive things about it. She loves how quickly it connect with an author and the other books they've written. The light doesn't keep her up all night, but she can read without having to have all the lights on so at least I can get some rest. We highly recommend the Kindle Paperwhite.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
No surprises with this purchase - Works well and am pleased with it...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
it works great and this is my second one since I lost the old one anyway	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got the Kindle Paperwhite to read on the beach. The screen is easily read in the sun. The compact size is nice for travel too.	27in FHD Monitor
"I was looking for just the right e reader for my wife""s birthday. She loves to read in bed before she falls a sleep and her old one did not light up so she would struggle to try and read in the dark and use whatever little beam of light she could to be able to read while I slept and with this one it is not even a problem any more the screen lights up and she can easily read while I am sound a sleep."	Wired Headphones
Great image quality, fast device. Jumped to this from Nook and would never go back.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My previous Kindle did not have the backlight so I upgraded to the Paperwhite in order to be able to read wherever I happened to be.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought for my GF and she literally has not put it down since she received it. She was optimistic at first but now loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I debated for over a year about getting a Kindle. After trying to read my tablet outside this summer with sunglasses and sitting under an umbrella...I finally bought my Kindle Paperwhite. I couldn't be happier and I've read more books in the past couple of months then I have in years. It's as good as they say and easy to read in ANY light!	Google Phone
I upgraded to the Kindle Paperwhite from a 1st generation Nook, I think just about any e-reader would excite me.However, I did my research and decided that the Paperwhite was a perfect fit for me. * I love the speed of the downloads and the ease of the touch screen. * I love being able to keep track of different characters just by pressing on their name (as well as definitions of words that are not familiar) * I love the backlight - no more trying to read at night with a glaring light over my shoulder. *I love the battery life. Not having to recharge it everyday is awesome!* I love how lite it feels and the way it fits in my hand - soooo much better than the Nook... overall smaller in size although the screens are the same size.I am an Amazon Prime member and some of the books that I have downloaded (and ones on my wish list) are half the cost of the same B&N books.I find that I am reading much more and totally enjoying the experience of my Kindle. I wish I hadn't waited so long!!Last but not least, I LOVE buying from Best Buy. I love their protection plans and when needed, they have always saved us $$$.	USB-C Charging Cable
I needed to replace my much older Kindle paperwhite. I love the new one, I use it regularly at the beach.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the best E-reader on market. I've had previous ones but love that I can adjust brightness for night time reading without killing my eyes on a tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have had several Kindles from the Kindle keyboard, the Fire HDX and a previous version of the Paperwhite. To me, it's the best way to read. You can have hundreds of books at your disposal. Having the 3G version enables me to download books anywhere without being connected to Wi-Fi. I love my Paperwhite!	ThinkPad Laptop
"I had a kindle Paperwhite that I'd bought in summer 2014, and by summer 2015 something had gone funky- it wasn't charging anymore. So I upgraded to one with a higher PPI a couple months ago. The difference is slight; in fact I haven't noticed it at all. If I went back to my old Kindle I'd probably notice that the quality had changed, but really, it's a very minor upgrade. But that doesn't matter- because the Paperwhite is awesome anyway! I am a woman, and I can fit it in the back pocket of most of my jeans (so dudes definitely can), it slips into small purses and it holds a charge for weeks. I have a pretty big collection of physical books, but I really enjoy having a library on a tablet that I can bring with me too. I buy physical books when I want to linger around a book store, or for poetry, or books that I want to high light or share with people, or that I like the covers of. I buy Kindle books that I really want for the story, or that are on sale on the Kindle store, or classics that are cheap (a couple bucks) or free. The Vocabulary Builder is really nice- I just highlight and lookup words that I want to know more about, then it provides a definition for me and saves the word as a flash card so that I can practice later at my convenience. I use my Kindle at night- the back light is perfect for reading right before bed. I wholeheartedly recommend this device if you just want a reading tablet. I might get another tablet for watching TV or playing games, but I just wanted a dedicated reading one, and this is perfect for me."	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use, fast response.The display with light is a big plus.	USB-C Charging Cable
Improved features and design, crystal clear high resolution screen, and amazing battery life makes this not only a must-own Amazon device, but as a dedicated e-reader. Easy to use for all age groups.	USB-C Charging Cable
This version is perfect. Spending another hundred or so is definitely not necessary! I can do everything on this and it is just as fast and clear as the more expensive one. No regrets!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Such a high DPI! looks like printed. the books are much cheaper	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great option to take your library on the go without multiple distractions that come with a tablet.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought the original Kindle a number of years ago and really enjoyed. This newer model is terrific. Fits comfortably in the hand and the readability is excellent. Downloading is even easier than before. I really enjoy using this product. Would definitely recommend!	Wired Headphones
Easy to use and long battery life. The size of font is easy to adjust but I wish graphics and pictures can be enlarged as well.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really enjoy the convenience and portability. It is easy to read a few pages when I want.	Wired Headphones
I love the paperwhite. I can read it in any light without glasses. I always have a variety of books, to suite my reading taste. I got a rocketfish wall charger for a great price at bestbuy and it's so much easier to charge my kindle. I've been reading for almost 10 hours on the same charge. If you love books you have to get one of these! My house would be full of books, but now I can get books I would not otherwise purchase because of physical space limitations. I have over 100 books on my kindle and it takes up less space than 1 book. Many sites offer free or reduced price books. This expands my reading appetite to other areas I would probably not have even considered before. I love my kindle, my only regret is not getting one sooner!!!	iPhone
Amazon Kindle is a great product - I bought one as a gift for my nephew and he absolutely loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
The kindle was a graduation gift for our son who was going to travel with friends for a month. He usually fills his backpack with a ton of books, which he is reluctant to leave behind once read. This really lightened his load and he loved being able to read in all light conditions	Apple Airpods Headphones
knowledgeable- courtesy- out of way helpful-professional	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I had purchased the same Kindle about 2 years ago. I love it. So I bought one for my son as well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
first tablet ive ever bought works great for reading	USB-C Charging Cable
I love reading on the kindle Paperwhite in any light. Dark, Sun. It doesn't matter. Plus you can borrow Kindle Books from the library for FREE!	Apple Airpods Headphones
With the newer 300ppi screen the Paperwhite really hits the sweet spot in the Kindle lineup.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this as an upgrade to the first generation Kindle Paperwhite. The backlight is greatly improved, the display is of a higher quality, the words are clearer and the internal process is a lot quicker — opening books and page flipping is noticeably speedier.The one thing that does annoy me about the 3rd generation Paperwhite is the way it's manufactured — when you hold it at a certain angle and you look at the bottom of the screen, you can see a small section of the display covered in the e-ink used to render the words and images on the rest of the screen. At first I thought this was a manufacturing defect, so I took it back to Best Buy and exchanged it for the same model, only to find that the second model had the same issue, except more-visible.This appears to have something to do with the way the display is placed behind the bezel during the manufacturing process. When the Paperwhite first came out, it was the crown jewel of Amazon's e-reader line, and Amazon was careful to precision-craft the devices. Now, that honor falls to the more-expensive Voyage, with the Paperwhite becoming the flagship, but still cheaper, option in the Kindle lineup, meaning the manufacturing quality of the Paperwhite is likely a bit reduced compared to that of the Voyage.This won't be a huge annoyance for some people. It is for me. And it's seriously made me consider whether it's worth contacting Amazon over.For everyone else, though, this is a great e-reader and well worth the money. If you're looking for an e-reader, this is the one to buy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect size, great in all lighting situations. Easy to hold, handle and transport. Makes reading even better!	Wired Headphones
It is lightweight and fits nicely in my purse. Light is just right for bed reading. Works well in sunlight.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have bought this kindle for almost one month, and almost use it every night. It's comfortable for your eyes. I like it.	27in FHD Monitor
I read as many reviews as I could find before buying this newest Paperwhite and what struck me the most was the contrast of the bright screen versus the print. However, when I got mine, I had to put the brightness level to 19 (out of 25) to get it to a comfortable setting. Doing that makes my battery run down before I've even read two books, and that is with the airplane setting on, meaning the WIFI is off. Luckily, I bought a charger so I can charge my Paperwhite while on trips ( without my computer, in a regular outlet) or at night when I'm finished reading. Now for the positives. I love the light weight of this Kindle even with the preferred cover that shuts it into sleep mode when closed. I absolutely LOVE the dictionary feature, because it is so easy to use and it saves the words I don't know, for study. After I've learned a word's meaning, I can delete it from the list. I got the Paperwhite with the ads, because it is nice getting suggestions of books I might enjoy that I might not see otherwise. And books are easy to order from the Kindle Store and to download through this devise. I like the cover, because it protects the screen from scratches while stored in my purse and I also purchased a stylus to keep fingerprints off the screen and I like that. Generally, I am happy with this purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Improved readability really helps. Extra in-read facilities a plus too.	Google Phone
What a delight, this Kindle is easy to use and is a very high quality item. I can read for hours with no eye strain.	USB-C Charging Cable
Font and lighting options enhance readability. Light weight and durable.	27in FHD Monitor
Great product. Very light and fast compared to its predecessor.	USB-C Charging Cable
love my kindle it's awesome read on it in the dark all the time	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for its purpose. lightweight travel companion.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the Kindle paperwhite, but it does not accept any of my games.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have read books on my phone and IPad and Kindle.....but rarely would read long due to disraction of other apps and email.....or couldn't read outside because of glare.....well this product has solved all my problems.....no distractions....just read and read for hours now....and can comfortably read outside or on the back end of our motorcylce if I want becasue NO GLARE!!!!! Love it :)	Lightning Charging Cable
This Kindle is better than any I have had before. Love the multi-brightness dimming ability. I have zero complaints with this item.	LG Washing Machine
Meets all advertised items in the software. Easy to down load books and screen quality is very pleasant.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is my second kindle paperwhite. I lost my first one on a plane, so I had to replace it as soon as I got home from my trip. It's a great e-reader and is easy to set up and manage. Never had any problems.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I absolutely love my kindle it is wonderful and I probably consider it my best friend!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is very easy to use and allows you to read at the beach with no problems. No glare. Great value for your money	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my GF. She loves it. Can't put it down. She uses it every night before she goes to bed. Easy to read. Fellas if you want your ole lady out of your hair I recommend purchases this for her!!!	ThinkPad Laptop
I was so against getting one but finally caved! This is so easy to use and i take it with my everywherePerfect for reading outside or on the train	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I purchased a new Kindle because i sat on the last one. I was trying to decide on whether to get the paperwhite version, and so very glad i did. The ability to add light during periods of shade with bright sun behind or at dusk is really a great benefit	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The paperwhite kindle has excellent resolution and makes reading easy on the eyes.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
easy to setup, great for traveling and reading on the plane	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nothing beats coming home and reading at night before going to sleep. Plus not having to take the extra space for each books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I vacation often and enjoy reading on the Kindle verses my tablets.	iPhone
This is my second Kindle. And again bought just a basic reader. For the convenience, choice of reading materials, comfort of reading, a Kindle can not be beat.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this kindle for just relaxing and reading a book. It's easy on the eyes and easy to access your books.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am really enjoying having books right at my fingertips. I am spending much more of my time reading than I did before. Love having a large library in such s small space	Wired Headphones
Good value for money. Light and convenient. Small and does not take up space!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My first reader was a Sony and I loved it. But it was getting old and quit working well. So I did research and everyone seemed to like the Kindle Paperwhite and so that's what I bought. I like it. I don't LOVE it, like I did my Sony, because its battery needs to be charged every two weeks. The battery in my Sony lasted much longer than that between charges. But other than that, it works great and is easy to read in any light (sunlight or indoor lighting).	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my wife and she loves it. She is old school and likes her toggle buttons on the old one. However, she likes being able to read anywhere at anytime. The back light is not over powerful. I was happy to hear this because I wasn't sure if I should have got the one that auto detects ambient light.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend who was looking for a simple e-reader. He loved it! It is simple without the fancy features of a tablet, but it works for what he wanted - to simply read books. The no-glare screen and optional back light are both great features!	Apple Airpods Headphones
She doesn't go a day without reading something on there. She says it works wonderful outside, which is exactly what she wanted. She also has a fire, but doesn't work that well for her outside.	USB-C Charging Cable
I used to own another kindle and I used a case with a little led light for reading before bed. Not a problem with this one!! I love that feature that I think I'm even reading more now than ever before!	USB-C Charging Cable
All of the sales people were very helpful with selecting the proper product	Wired Headphones
I love mine because it's lightweight and I can take it anywhere	Wired Headphones
Love being able to read outside in full sun. Adjustable backlight for reading at night, great for the car or in bed.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this lightweight easy to read Kindle. Carry it with me all the time especially to the beach and pool. So easy to see! My sister bought one the same week I did, she liked it so much.	Lightning Charging Cable
Had a kindle before, needed new one. Like the size	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for book lovers. Worth the investment given the cheaper price of e-books.	USB-C Charging Cable
My daughter loves her PaperWhite. I like that it has nothing on it except books so that she can take it to school to read.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My original Kindle was no longer working. It was 6 years old and had been used a lot. . I especially like the smaller size of my new Kindle and the backlight.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I didn't think it was possible to love my Kindle more! But I got the paper white to replace my Kindle touch. It's even more crisp and doesn't strain my eyes. Plus, I can read even when its shady or dark- because of the backlight. I like that I can adjust the brightness too. Worth every penny ! LOVE LOVE LOVE it! Highly recommend.	iPhone
I had the 1st Kindle, but this one is much better!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I used a friend's older Kindle and liked it. Wish this one had the side buttons for changing pages. Got this version because it has the light. I read at night when I can't sleep and the light is bright enough so that I don't have to turn on the bright overhead light.Battery life is nice. Was a pleasure taking it on a trip cross country with out having the weight of the books to shelp.	Wired Headphones
My GF got me mine for a birthday present and I just got her one for hers. Great for international travel. It's like carrying a dozen books.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Could never get into reading from a tablet like the iPad or even the Amazon kindle fire. It just didn't feel right. This device makes it feel as if you're reading actual paper print. It's amazing. I highly recommend it if your an avid reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My Kindle works great and it just what I was looking for.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great! Love modern technology. Easily to transport in a purse.	Wired Headphones
If you want to read books in an electronic form you can't beat the paperwhite. You can read it wearing sunglasses, in the brightest sunshine, or the darkest room. Tablets may be more versatile, but they are not as easy to read in various lighting conditions.	Lightning Charging Cable
I've owned one of the original Kindle for years and love it. In fact I handed it down to my daughter. I just thought it would be nice to own the newest version with the built-in light. The other thing I considered was the weight. I love my new Kindle as much as I have loved my old one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Small enough to carry with me. I love how the pages turn with just a touch to the screen and I love the lit up background.	iPhone
Easy to read and set up. Enjoy the ability to read with the back light.	Wired Headphones
Kindle Paperwhite is the perfect reader. It's small size fits into a purse or carry all, and the light weight makes it very easy to hold. The response time when buying books is very fast. It is the perfect addition to the Kindle family. I also recommend purchasing the leather cover.	Apple Airpods Headphones
i love this kindle! I got the one with the backlight because it helps if you want to read at night! I got this specific kindle because I knew I would only be using it to read books & I didn't need the newer ones that you can get online & do much more (I have a phone & computer for that). I also love the look of this kindle, the screen is made to be glare free if you're reading outside in the sun and I love that! Definitely recommend this kindle to anyone!	USB-C Charging Cable
I was hesitant at first about the touch screen, but the Paperwhite has proven the perfect upgrade to my Kindle Keyboard 3G. The screen is responsive and the resolution is crisp. Well done, Amazon.	27in FHD Monitor
Perfect size and readability and function for pages turning is comfortable	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for the ease of downloading for travel this is amazing I would recommend this	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good screen resolution. Keep wifi off and adjust brightness for best battery life.	ThinkPad Laptop
El libro electrónico es muy práctico, puedes tener todos los libros ahí.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Very useful. More better for reading than ipad. good for eyes	20in Monitor
This is my 2nd. kindle and wouldn't go without one for any length of time.Great to bring along on a trip and easy for anyone to use.	27in FHD Monitor
I am really disappointed in this Kindle....I have had many kindles, but I wanted somwthing I thoughtnwould be simple. This kindle doesn't show all my books that are in my cloud..it doesn't matter that they aren't in my device but they should still show up in my cloud...I have to go to my amazon account and transfer the book I want to my device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for reading books better than iPad because of the front lit screen	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gift for my husband who hates reading on the iPad. He loves this so much better!	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use, great screen resolution, and very simple to download material to read.	USB-C Charging Cable
An easy way to read your favorite books!Whether you're in the sun or in the dark, this is the best Kindle ever.The only thing I don't like is the 'flash' when you turn the page.	Flatscreen TV
This is the best thing I ever bought. Very lightweight and user friendly. Fits easily in my purse.	USB-C Charging Cable
I feel the on sceeen page turner is a little slow and also slow switching between screens.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is my second Amazon Paperwhite eReader. It is superb in bright sunlight or in a dimly lit room.	Wired Headphones
I was familiar with the previous paperwhite lower res product that was fine. For the price it is a great reader. The new higher res standing side by side is an improvement. Would recommend.	27in FHD Monitor
Nice little reader that is well built and I really like the backlight!	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle Paperwhite is great for reading books on the go. The battery lasts me for weeks between charges based on my light reading habits. It is very easy to just close the cover when I get to a pausing point, and knowing it will open immediately to the same page when I resume reading. The back light makes it easy to read anywhere, from full sunlight to dark rooms. I'm resuming my voracious reading habit now that the Paperwhite has made it so easy.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought one for myself and it is my first kindle. Just love it and got a second as a birthday gift to one of my friends.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The paper white can hold many books which is great for traveling. The back light is easy on the eyes.	Lightning Charging Cable
By buying my Kindle Paperwhite, I was able to download my college text books for less money then if I had bought them at the Campus store.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the size and light weight. Easy to set up. Easy to use. Lightening quick download	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
With a new higher resolution display, Bookerly font, and long lasting battery, the Kindle Paperwhite is the best e-readr in the market today. Reads like real paper. The device capabilities are complemented by Kindle's vast e-book store.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is for my sister. She loved her older Kindle. I know she will love this one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the new Kindle. No problem getting used to the differences.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Reading paper books makes me sleepy, after only 8 pages!Reading on the Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic... read 65 pages non stop!Love it.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is my second Kindle. My first was the basic model. This one is so clear and easy to read even in daylight. I love that I no longer need a light to read at night in bed.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I ""upgraded"" from my Kindle Fire to the Paperwhite! I couldn't be happier with my decision."	Wired Headphones
Gave the Kindle Paperwhite as a gift to my daughter for her birthday and she loves it! Great battery life.	ThinkPad Laptop
Simple easy to use. Plug and play so to speak. You should read the manual that comes installed on it. Can read anywhere with no glare at all. tt even has a browser for the web that is in the preliminary stages but it is pretty good.	Lightning Charging Cable
The backlight helps for reading in the dark and in the sun. Easy to use and great battery life	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The one button system, and touch screen gives me some problems. but I am learning.	Google Phone
I always need a nice reader with better battery power.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased as a gift for my mothers birthday she will not put it down. She exclaimed how easy it was to pack for her trip last month and she said she can read it even when all the lights are off. She wonders how she has lived without one all this time and would highly recommend it to everyone.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was looking for a replacement to a different tablet that I used only for reading. I am glad that I purchased this -- it does exactly what i want...even in the bright sun.	Flatscreen TV
The paper white is a terrific reader and, for all light conditions, is superior to the kindle fire we had previously. No glare, easy read, easy use, with adjustable type print. We recommend it highly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Item is good. This shipping is very fast. It's good for readers.	iPhone
Compared to previous generation kindle, this one is much user friendly and overall a good ereader.	USB-C Charging Cable
it's very useful and comfortable! I like it so much.	27in FHD Monitor
I love my Paperwhite, I go no where without it! I love it so much more now that I have a waterproof case to keep it in.	Google Phone
I had the original kindle which I loved but it was a pain to always have to have it lit when reading without proper light. It is great to have the screen backlit without the eyestrain that comes with a tablet.	Wired Headphones
"I absolutely LOVE my new Kindle! I'll never run out of good books to read again! Best Buy had it delivered 3 days before I even expected it to arrive. Couldn't be happier ☺"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For years I have used my very basic Kindle e-reader, but had difficulty in dim lighting. I am thrilled with the backlit screen on my new Kindle Paperwhite.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This product was a replacement for the one my husband had which was an older generation. He loves the paperwhite, much easier to read in daylight, he does take it to work with him. He says it is overall better in many ways.	USB-C Charging Cable
Read Kindle books daily and had been utilizing my iPhone and IPad to read but neither of these are conducive to reading in the sunlight. SO I bought myself an early Christmas present and love the ease of use and the ability to read while outside in the bright sunlight. Worth every penny!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great size and the ability to make print type changes. Love to carry whiletraveling and my time, spare time,can be managed better to reading, which I love to do.	Vareebadd Phone
easy to use, easy to love. extremely user friendly. Beats the nook I had by a 1000%. the battery life is outstanding	Flatscreen TV
I set it up but haven't used it yet. Not clear how to download books but I plan to learn that this weekend.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the Kindle! Does not need any light,fits in my purse,lightweight!!	Wired Headphones
our granddaughter loves to read and my wife has one also so we thought this would be a perfect gift for her.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My vision is failing, but this is easy to read in any light. It fits nicely in my purse to take anywhere.	Lightning Charging Cable
I absolutely love this. I thought I wouldn't like it as much as holding a book, but I love it and it's wonderful for nighttime reading, and beach reading as well. Plus I can have a few books without carrying a ton.	ThinkPad Laptop
I've had two previous generations of Kindles, but always found myself longing for the old hardcover. No more... This is perfect for my needs. Can read outside or in a darkened room. For approximately $100, it can't be beat.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great! I would definately buy again! I use this often.	Lightning Charging Cable
Text is very easy to read and downloading new books couldn't be easier. Definitely recommend this product!	Lightning Charging Cable
Great screen and very light to hold. It makes reading a book effortless.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Light weight, long battery life. Love the back lighting	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this for my teenage daughter. She is constantly reading, but was using her cell phone.So glad I got this for her. What a difference! Free shipping and super fast delivery.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is a little bit heavier then I expected, especially if you hold it for long. And I don't really like the flash when changing pages...Yet, it is much better then iPad or mini if you are reading an e-book. I bought it for my pregnancy cause I can read books while breast feeding~	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm enjoying my new kindle paperwhite so far. Everything is perfect.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have found little to complain about since purchasing this device. It's sturdy, bright, and a touchscreen.Perfect for what you use it for. Get a nice case for it and it becomes indestructible!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
They just keep getting better. My wife used her original kindle with a book light, the lighting is so good on this one it's by by book light. The battery life is amazing	27in FHD Monitor
It isn't my first e-reader Amazon - Kindle, and last model - Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite is very-very good!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an improvement over the old Kindle. Have had it for a couple months and it works great.	Google Phone
As an avid book reader, I have always loved having an actual book. I was very reluctant to get a Kindle at first. However, It has been such a surprise. It's very light weight and thus easier to hold then a traditional book. You can easily download new books at the click of a button. There are daily and monthly deals you can take advantage of for a fraction of the cost of a regular book. The viewing experience is superb because you can change fonts and size and increase or decrease background lighting, making it very easy to read in any light. If I don't know a word I can automatically look up the definition or add highlights or notes. Plus, I can carry an entire library with me where ever I go. I actually read way more now than I ever did before. I am extremely impressed with this device and it's more than exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend it to anyone.	iPhone
He loves to read his books through this kindle. Not to complicated and easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought two of these for my parents while they were visiting. These were an excellent choice as my parents are older. Being able to adjust the font size, the backlit display touch screen all easy to use features. My parents read alot and have said many times now how much they enjoy them.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to carry all your books in one place. You will never get distracted when using kindle.	USB-C Charging Cable
I did my research before I bought this and there have been no surprises. I wanted a nice easy screen to read, and a good battery. The paperwhite has both. For the price it is hard to beat this device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
A great price for an e-reader with a great battery life. Love the e-ink too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
easy to read on the beach in bright sunlight. good battery life	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I spend a lot of time at the lake and love to read. I enjoy being outdoors and sitting on the dock reading. It was always impossible with my phone or iPad, which I still love! This is just amazing, like reading a ""paper book"" without having to hold it ""open""! Love the clarity!!!"	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife takes with her everywhere and always reads her books now with this	Google Phone
No exterior light required. Good battery life. Easy to read at night	27in FHD Monitor
Love this e-reader! Lightweight, easy to read screen even in very bright conditions. Very easy to check out and return library books without ever going to the library. Would recommend this product to anyone	Wired Headphones
Love it! Easy to use. So simple to order books and they are immediately downloaded.	LG Washing Machine
I took my Kindle to the beach. You can read perfectly in the sunshine. I also like reading it while laying down because the page stays upright. it doesn't go horizontal when you move it	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my friend. Very happy with this and asked for another one for his friend :)	USB-C Charging Cable
i got this kindle for xmas. simply lovely. i would strongly recommend you to get one	Lightning Charging Cable
I was thinking about to get a device to read on train or buses. Kindle paperwhite is the best for me when compared with others such as cellphone or tablet. And even in this latest model, it has higher display density and brightness control, which is what I want.So go ahead, get one, worth to have your trip full of fun.	Lightning Charging Cable
It does what was expected and glad I got thisbinsteadbof the next level up because of the difference in features is not worth the difference in price.	USB-C Charging Cable
"If you want an e book reader that is light, easy on the eyes (even in the dark) with a no-glare are screen, then you will love this one. It works well even in bright sunlight!. Battery life is great! (days) My only issue is than I have not had any luck using my phone (Galaxy s5)as a hotspot to download books. Very frustrating that it will not recognise it for wifi connection, even manually typing it in! It's browser capabilities are also a joke. I shop with my phone or laptop then drive to a wifi location to download books. Not ideal. That said, it is a wonderful ""reader"" even though it is overpriced! Good luck shopping :-)"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the Kindle Paperwhite. It's very convenient for me to read books and other study materials.The built-in backlight makes it simple to read at night! Like it!	Flatscreen TV
I used a Nook reader for several years but got no customer service when I needed anything. The Kindle customer service is truly first class and the reader is a quality item.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"This camera is a little thicker than other ""pocket"" cameras, primarily due to the fold-out LCD screen. The screen is a nice feature as it provides additional stability when in the ""out"" position. The zoom capability and image stabilization features are also very good."	USB-C Charging Cable
All I wanted was a reader and this is the perfect solution. Love me Kindle Fire but not great as a reader.	iPhone
I chose the Paperwhite primarily because of the backlighting. I also own an original Kindle that does not have this feature. I love the new Paperwhite! I recently used it on a long trip and truly enjoyed the convenience and ease of use. I loved the fact that I did not have to turn on another light to read!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Worth the money it is a very useful device . Buy this if you are an avid reader	Wired Headphones
I bought it for my 12 year old who likes to read. Now she LOVES to read. Her mother and I are very happy, as one could imagine. The Kindle works great, and we love the backlit touch screen.	Wired Headphones
Great product. Works perfectly. I would buy it again.	Google Phone
Take the time to read the instructions. Works great!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my wife and mostly she wanted it for the touch screen and the back lit screen and finally after owning three different kindles she loves this one! She wears glasses and finds this one to be less strenuous after hours of reading. I would def recommend this kindle to anyone.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was using Nook glow light, migrating to paper white has been the bestKindle store provides plenty of books compared to nookBattery life is excellent , will last 2-3 weeks without recharging with daily use of 2 hours	iPhone
A great ebook reader which is easy to read in sunlight and can be dimmed right down at night so it doesn't disturb my wife. Top menu can be a bit confusing but on the whole all user friendly.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
After using IPAD, it is weird to see flickers while reading on a small screen. However, it was recommended by a friend of mine who thinks it is easy on eyes. Battery lasts long and you can download work related pdfs to read later. (my main purpose to buy was to read docs offline) Redundant if you have kindle on ipad/other tabs.	Google Phone
Portable, good battery life, easy to read in pretty much any light. It doesn't have all the frills like the Kindle Fire, but if all you're looking to do is read, this is what you need.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is extremely light weight and easy to carry around. Great resolution. I also purchased the protective cover.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love this newer version of an e reader. I had a Kindle Keyboard and loved it. I finally wore it out after 5+ years. This Kindle is even better as you can read at night.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The Kindle Paper White is the perfect gift for anyone. My mom had the original Kindle and it recently broke. When I was looking for a new one for her I looked at other Kindles and e-book readers. I wasn't a fan of the Nook and the Kindle Fire is great, but she wanted something simple just to read so she didn't need the internet connection. After playing with the Paper White in the store I decided it was perfect for her. She is not the best with technology, but after I showed her how to use it once she was able to use it on her own. Great gift for anyone!	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Paperwhite is light and I love the backlight. It's great for basic reading	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have the basic kindle but decided to get this one. Now it's my main reading device.	USB-C Charging Cable
It works great specially whit the new ligth frature	Google Phone
Great product. Easy to read on without feeling like you're staring at a computer screen. No glare at all no matter where I am. Very easy to hold whether reading sitting or laying down. Highly recommended!	iPhone
I Love it...!!... It's so compact and lightweight.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The paper white screen is so easy to read in dark and light conditions. I read in bed before going to sleep and the screen brightness is low enough that it doesn't affect your melatonin production so it won't interfere with your sleep cycles. I used to use a tablet but it was too bright and bulky.	Lightning Charging Cable
I use this product all the time. The screen is great and the ads aren't obtrusive at all. It has great battery life. You can send it books as well with the Send to Kindle application available at Amazon.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Only gave 4 stars because although some things I like better then previous, less expensive Kindle, the previous Kindle had many features that I liked that I can not find on this one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Perfect purchase for the avid readers in my family. Both my son and I enjoy using the Kindle. So much easier than carrying a book around especially when the book is a tome!	Macbook Pro Laptop
When back light is off it's just like a paper. Very convenient for reading. For night, back light is so well done that still look natural.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I Love my new kindle! Is perfect, this model is The best	Vareebadd Phone
Easy and enjoyable to use! Had the original and wasn't sure I'd like the change, but I do!	Macbook Pro Laptop
After a lot of internal debate, review reading and getting tired of trying to hold onto my iPad in bed, I broke down and purchased this e-reader. To which I am truly glad that I made the purchase.It is light, easy to read, has a great battery life and a does not have the distractions of a smart phone or tablet. For these reasons, I'd highly recommend adding this tech to your arsenal.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Now she can read in bed and not bother me!! She loves this thing for her books. We have tablets and everything else but this is great for just reading.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
No question about it this is the best e ink e reader available. Much easier on the eyes for long reading sessions that any tablet, even one with a sharp screen like an iPad Air/Mini or top of the line Samsung.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Just what you need for an ereader. Front lighting is very natural and doesn't give me a headache like trying to read on backlight screen like my iPad.	Lightning Charging Cable
"This is the second Kindle I have owned. Paperwhite appealed to me for its reader-friendly settings and backlighting. My first Kindle was a keyboard model with no backlight so I used a ""clip in"" light that fit in my M Edge case. I forsook the keyboard this time as I rarely used Kindle for web browsing. I also abandoned my fear of advertising to select the ""special features?"" model. Ads appear only at start up and are quickly and easily dispatched - there's only one ad so all you do is swipe up and it's gone. The new Kindle has exceeded my expectations. After I get books to put on it, I turn off the WiFi and the device will go for weeks without recharging. (Btw, I purchased an inexpensive Fintie case which shuts down Kindle when you close the cover and sends it to sleep - it's never really totally off.) You just have to remember to put your reading on the device itself rather than in the ""cloud"". The backlighting is awesome and the Paperwhite e-ink and font great for older eyes. My only complaint is that the ""collections"" setup is not particularly user friendly and the icons take getting used to on the toolbar. However, I am totally happy with this purchase and glad I updated to Paperwhite."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Unbelievable quality. Reader is even better at nighttime.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is my third Kindle and I love them! The advantage to this one is I can read it easily with no other lights on.	Wired Headphones
Great reader, perfect size and weight, fantastic battery life.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I preferred reading hard copy books but now am liking the Kindle better. It is easy to access books through my local library. Also, like the size which is easier to carry around than hard cover books.	Lightning Charging Cable
Kindle parter white is perfect for reading in all sorts of lighting, and easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this product for my grandmother since she has a hard time reading the small print in books. The Kindle Paperwhite has a large font setting that has made reading much easier for her and the matte screen provides for minimized glare. She can now easily read a book again!	Wired Headphones
I find the Kindle Paperwhite to be much easier on the eyes then reading from a tablet. Page turning is a bit slower than on the tablet but the headaches are less.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to read under different lightning conditions. Soft glow of the light at night makes reading before sleep easier on your eyes. But what I like most of all is this is only used for reading and I don't get distracted checking email, FB, internet etc.	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm glad that I did purchase this Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite - Black.It is really easy to use.	Wired Headphones
This particular version of kindle is really good for reading ebooks.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Numerous charges of iPhone 6 at 20 degrees or less and still had 3 bars remaining	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the new white kindle with the built-in backlight for reading in the dark.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Love the screen; very easy on the eyes compared to other electronic devices. This this can handle some drops and a little bit of water too; i;m glad that it's tough."	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the size of the kindle. It is great to be able to put it in my purse. Also, main reason is I need to read outside sometimes and need to use sunglasses. The white paper make is real easy to read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the Kindle Paperwhite after my Kindle Fire quit working. I read every day. I really liked the Fire except I couldn't read outside on my deck with it. The paperwhite is only a reader, no internet access but that's fine with me. It's lightweight and easy to use. Very happy with my purchase	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my wife when she lost her kindle on vacation. Easy to set up and start using. Amazon customer service is also excellent!	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the device, especially to read in the dark without disturbing my wife with the lights.	27in FHD Monitor
Really good Christmas gift. Would recommend to anyone	Lightning Charging Cable
I used to have a old version of kindle, and this one is a great improvement, the resolution is great and the backlight is especially convenient	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Pages are white and bright - indeed like a paper.Font and ability adjust its style and size gives perfect readability.Batteries last for very long time - long enough that you do not think much about charging them.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Purchased for my 75 year old mom so she could adjust the font size and find the books for her book club less expensively	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is easy to see and adjust font style and size. Great for reading at night.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to download books. Easy to use. Easy on the eyes when reading. Can read anywhere in any light--even in the sun! Passed my old one on to a family member. Love this Kindle !	Lightning Charging Cable
I especially like the variable lighting which allows me to read at night without any external light or in the brightest outdoor light.	Google Phone
It is a gift for my friend. She is really like it and said she is start to enjoy reading now.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The kindle paperwhite is absolutely a perfection. It is perfect for just picking up a book and instantly starting where you left off. The lighting is so realistic it feels like you're just reading real paper. Definitely a bargain.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have a 2nd generation Kindle and1st generation Kindle Fire. I hardly use those now. I also have an iPad mini, and an iPad Air. I like the Kindle Paperwhite because it's just for reading and so small, it hardly takes up any room in my purse. I enjoy reading novels on the Kindle PW especially with the backlight, more than I like reading on my iPad now.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I left my Paperwhite on a plane. I loved it so much I bought the same one again. No need to buy newer models. This works.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a vast improvment over my older model. It is easy to change print size. The fact that you can use it in the dark is a good improvment.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is a good product. Didn't want glare when I read. It serves the purpose	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my kindle fire but wanted this for reading outside and on the beach. It is perfect!	USB-C Charging Cable
Works well and great for travel. Small and portable	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to sync with my account. Love the size and ease of use	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love how clear the screen is and no glare, it's amazing	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my 4th Kindle. I love that it can be used in any light... even no light at all. It is small and easy to carry around. Still has all the best features of all the others before it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It works great for reading outside and pretty much anywhere I want to read it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is very easy to read and use. The light weight is perfect.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Performance up to expectations, but battery life less than expected and advertised. Backlight functions well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Aside from being about the only eink readers still available, the Amazon Kindle series of readers offer bang for the buck, and features that you don't know you need. The Paperwhite reader is great in sunlight, in a lit room, or even in a darkened room. The available Kindle books offer a tremendous variety of genres and titles for a low cost. And with shareware converters like calibre, classics available through public domain are all there to be read. If you love books, then this is for you.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my mom, who is 90 years old. She loves it, and it makes so much reading material available to her in a format that is easy to use and very accessible. Good job, Kindle!	USB-C Charging Cable
Was bought as a gift. the person says that it works great and they say that does just what they wanted it to do and it is liked it really well.	27in FHD Monitor
This is my third kindle. Work offshore and read a lot. Unable to carry books with me so the kindle is perfect.	27in FHD Monitor
This is my first time using a kindle. I love that I can read it in all types of light. the size makes it very portable and it's easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am a long time Kindle user, but a few years back switched to a Kindle Fire, then a Lenovo Windows Tablet, and while the tablets worked well for reading, nothing beats the experience of the Kindle screen, and the paperwhite is a great upgrade on the original Kindle's screen.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the best and probably only e-reader that you need. Screen is beautiful and perfect with built-in light. However, I would like one with bigger screen size and hope amazon could improve reading performance on Pdf files.	Lightning Charging Cable
I always buy these kindles for corporate giveaways. They're reasonably priced and are great quality.	Lightning Charging Cable
Compact, light, and extremely easy on the eyes when reading.	Google Phone
This is the 3rd Paperwhite I've purchased... for me and as gifts. Absolutely love them!	USB-C Charging Cable
this kindle is absolutely awesome! it has a great reading light on there and is easy to use. i would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for an e-book reader.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Paper white does not allow you do use books from the library as you cannot load apps. Only books from Amazon are available to read.	Lightning Charging Cable
I absolutely love my Kindle Paperwhite. No glare no matter where I am reading. It is lightweight and the right size to take along in my purse. I had never had a kindle before and I am amazed with it!	Google Phone
Excellent in all light conditions. Easy to use. Just what was required.	Wired Headphones
This is the second paper white I have bought as a gift. Great product.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had a 2nd generation Kindle and loved it, this one is even better. Very easy to use, great battery life and the backlight is awesome.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was a little hesitant in buying a kindle. I thought it would take away the feeling of reading a hard cover book. I love the kindle. I don't regret buying it. I love that I can store all my books on this device.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have a tablet, but needed a reader that I can read in sunny locations and not worry about loosing and expensive item. This Kindle is perfect to carry everywhere, light and convenient the screen is smaller than I anticipated but not bad for the price.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great to read in the dark!! Purchased this and haven't regretted it since!!	Wired Headphones
I love that there's no glare in sunlight and I can adjust the light on my paperwhite so that I can read in bed while my husband is sleeping. I thought I'd never switch from regular books, but I enjoy my kindle so much that I no longer purchase the paper copies.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my first kindle paperwhite.Great battery life and Best E-paper tablet.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love this Kindle easy to navigate and love reading outside an having the ability to see the screen without difficulty	AA Batteries (4-pack)
There's not much to say, it's really a simple device, and that's why I got it. It's for reading on a screen that won't bother my eyes after a long period of time.There are ads, but they are all specifically for the device, and aren't intrusive. Your books are listed above the ads.	USB-C Charging Cable
It was a gift for my wife and she said it is a 5 stars one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love these things and this is the best iteration yet! If you like to read, there is nothing better! Not only are the books cheaper, you can get almost anything you want to read instantly. If you like to travel, it is a must have - you can bring with as many books as you want (I take mine backpacking all the time) and never have to worry about taking up valuable space in your luggage.	Wired Headphones
I have an iPad mini but it's impossible to see in the sun. I started thinking about getting a kindle while on vacation and trying to read a book at the pool. Damp hands,wrinkled pages - sunscreen all made the experience icky. I live the size, battery power, ease of use and you can see it outside.	27in FHD Monitor
Much better than reading on my iPad, especially outdoors and at night. Portable size, great battery life, and must have for any serious reader	Lightning Charging Cable
Was a Christmas gift for my daughter in college, so she hasn't used it much yet. But seems like it should be good for her.	Wired Headphones
Intuitive to use, I read in bed every night for a couple hours. Battery lasts about three days, my other kindle (original), lasted about 8 days. But charges quickly.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The size and weight is perfect. Easy to use and long battery life.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My second kindle. Paper white is really as good as old with advantage of being able to read in bed without needing extra light.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very lightweight. Lots of features. Easy to read. Good software.	Wired Headphones
I'll never go back to books - Very easy to use and comfortable on the eyes	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had the old Version of the Kindle and loved it. But now that I have the Paperwhite, i realize what a good decision it was to trade up. The contrast is like reading a real book and it doesn't hurt your eyes to read it for a long time.	USB-C Charging Cable
My kids were very excited to open this e-reader on Christmas morning. They both started looking up books etc. Very easy to use, small enough to stick in your purse/bag but big enough to read like a book. Very happy with this purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the paper white kindle. Its exactly what I expected, I love that it doesn't glare and I can read anywhere.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I was searching for kindle for gifting it to my bro. I got the best deal at bestbuy.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love this Kindle--easy to use, great on the eyes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not much to say as this is a wonderful reader, probably best yet. Bought 3 as gifts this year.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Greta screen and a great price. Easy to work with either using the Amazon book service or side loading.	Wired Headphones
If you love to read or want your kids to read, get this device, that's it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a good item, i purchased several of these including family members, friends, and ideal for gift. I do recommend these devices, the special offers are not annoying.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Small, light weight, bright ... this is the best Kindle yet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my 3rd kindle purchase. I do also have an iPad and a Samsung tablet, but for reading that does not strain your eyes, long battery life, and soft backlight that can be adjusted from bright daylight to low-light dark room setting, that does not bother a sleeping husband, this is definitely the best. If you are an avid reader, then I especially recommend as the storage is also ample enough for hundreds of books and you still have all your kindle books purchased from Amazon in the cloud to free up space (if needed).	Wired Headphones
It was really easy to set up and start using quickly. Screen quality is great and the official Amazon Paperwhite case is a great addition. You can buy books either through your PC or directly on the Paperwhite itself. The screen is as good as on the pricier Kindle Voyage. :)	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Paperwhite is very convenient to use outside and inside, small enough to carry and great battery life.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"Nice and lightweight; the screen is easy to read. I don't like that half the screen on the menu page is taken up by promos instead of my library."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Text is very crisp and easy to read. Would recommend to others	USB-C Charging Cable
Good reads with my new paperwhite kindle. made my reading experience great.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It took the place of my Nook, so is taking quite a bit of adjusting.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the overall design and feel of this Kindle specifically!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Until now it look as a nice product.Just a bit expensive.	USB-C Charging Cable
No longer have to carry a multitude of books when traveling. Makes travels do much easier	Apple Airpods Headphones
This model has an excellent screen resolution and size. Very easy to use and navigate the functions. Web browser works great. The backlight is super helpful and does great in the sun for outdoor reading. It's small and lightweight size make it easy for me to carry in my purse. I would recommend this to anyone	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I had a kindle before. This time I chose the paperwhite because there has a light and touchscreen. I really love the Kindle products. Very nice buy!	iPhone
Does exactly what it's made for. Nice and clear screen perfect for reading.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My Kindle is a great addition to my Kindle'family' . I now have two that I use and enjoy.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it. Easy to read and stores all of her books. My only complaint is that it feels slow and sluggish when transitioning from one screen tk the next. Even turning the page feels slow. Not sure if it has a setting to change this but its a noticeable difference between this device and the kindle fire both with out of the bix settings. My daughter doesn't mind it and prefers the screen on the paperwhite for reading. Battery life is fantastic, its so good you can go on a weekend trip and leave the charger at home.	USB-C Charging Cable
Yes most people have iPhones and tablets to read on but I find it easier to focus and the new paperwhite screen is crystal clear in any light.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good upgrade from the basic kindle that I had before.	Lightning Charging Cable
Got this as a gift for someone, easy to set up and they are enjoying it immensely.	Lightning Charging Cable
This version of the Kindle really does a great job as you read for extended periods. The screen allows you to read in different light levels, including outdoors, but more importantly, if you're in the kitchen and then move into the family room, the screen seems to adjust and really makes it a pleasure to use this new version vs. my older version.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the paperwhite! no glare- easy to hold. The built in light is also great for night reading. I had the Kindle app on my Galaxy tablet but never used it because of the glare.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
If you are a hardcore reader, this is your Kindle! The light makes a huge difference to read under any conditions, it´s a big improvement from the standard Kindle, if you are unsure between one or the other, go for the Paperwhite, it´s worth the extra money.	Lightning Charging Cable
Brought this for my son for xmas, he loved it and was very happy with it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
After much contemplation between a Kindle and a Nook, I went with Kindle due to the number of kindle book purchases. However I LOVE the choice I made. I wanted to be able to read at night without the light. I can with this one and if I fall asleep then nothing is left on. And I love not having to carry my heavy technical books around now either! VERY happy with this purchase!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Very comfortable to read from - doesn't give off a bright light if reading at light. Doesn't strain eyes	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. She's an avid reader and doesn't get much time to do so. This was a perfect gift so she can travel with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Enjoy using it outside so I can continue to use my kindle no matter where I am.	20in Monitor
I wish i could find more free books instead of Amazon purchase.	20in Monitor
My wife left her Kindle on the plane. We made a quick stop to Best Buy to purchase her another Kindle. She can't live without it!	Flatscreen TV
this product went well as a gift and was well excepted and used many times since purchase.	27in FHD Monitor
The lighted white screen makes for better reading for your eyes.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I used to use iPad as a reader, but my eye got tired easily. Kindle just like the book, and the battery can last longer.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased one for myself a few months ago & now this one is for my husband. No glare inside or outside. It adjusts itself once I have my brightness preference set. Light weight & battery life is amazing!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchase went smoothly and the ability to use American Express award points at checkout was a plus.	27in FHD Monitor
It's my first e-reader ever, so I am a novice. I like my Kindle which now is a large part of my life the same way printed books have always been. It's very compact, weighs very little, has great features (touchscreen, adjustable brightness, easy to navigate and download books). The battery really lasts a long time as advertised. I just wish public libraries had more books in the Kindle format and better interface for e-books.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Was undecided between new PaperWhite and Voyage models and doing a lot of research to see which one is best. Based on some personal analysis on in-store samples, I felt the Voyage has nothing more price worthy than what new PW could offer with lesser $$$. If you are undecided like me, don't worry about the gimmicks of voyage, go for PW..	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this Kindle because I could not read my older one in the sunshine. This fits the bill.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love everything about this reader. The book advertising on the lock screen is so cool in my house, its such a small thing but it makes us smile every time. I do think its kinda weird that it flickers sometimes but after watching product videos I see that its not abnormal. Maybe if I looked it up I'd understand but its not bothersome enough to do so. Overall I would buy this item again no questions asked.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had a kindle for several years that I thought was adequate until I purchased the paper white. What a difference with all of the added features this Kindle offers. I like the light with it's brightness feature most of all. The ease of use makes it a great e reader for everyone. I highly recommend the new PaperWhite.	iPhone
"It's light and convenient to carry. I can, in fact, carry it in my jacket pocket. So it's good when I am moving around by bus. Book downloads are instant and don't take a long time; something I was concerned about. And the screen is truly comfortable, no strain whatsoever. The functions within the Kindle are also convenient enough to use. I bought it for $99 during Black Friday deals."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this for my 12 year old granddaughter for Christmas. She is over the moon happy with it! She needed no help in setting it up and using it. She used gift cards to load books and has been busy reading over Christmas vacation.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Love the backlight of the Kindle Paperwhite. I would definitely recommend to anyone.	Flatscreen TV
Had no problem with the instructions available in the system itself. Enjoy the 'easy on the eyes' lighting.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love being able to have and use. Really wanted it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have loved Kindles from the first time I turned one on. I now read about 12 books a year (that's a lot for me). I finally upgraded to the Paperwhite for the backlight feature. I take it with me everywhere in case I have an extended wait time somewhere. But I mostly use it in bed. The size makes it easy to hold. It's a lot better then holding a cumbersome book and doesn't hurt as much when I start to doze off and drop it on my face. I have set the text size big enough to read without my glasses, get in bed, turn on the backlight, and read in the dark. Good for reading in sunlight too. I only read books with my Kindle, so I didn't see the need to buy the Fire. And I only needed the Wi-Fi version (no 3G desired). I also didn't see the need to pay $80 more for the Voyage.	Lightning Charging Cable
very easy to set up and use.... no eye strain, very easy to read on	iPhone
This is an amazing device! I would recommend this to ANY reader.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
You really can't get much better than a Kindle for reading ebooks. The Paperwhite is great as it has a touchscreen and has a backlight for reading in just about any environment.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought my wife a Paperwhite a couple of years ago while I did much of my reading on my iPad. She loved the Paperwhite and I didn't know what I was missing out on. Don't get me wrong, I love my iPad, it's just that it wasn't designed to be only a reader. Now that I have a Paperwhite of my own, reading has become even more enjoyable than it was on my iPad, and I can't think of one negative thing to say about my purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"The paper white does what it claims it will do.You can go for weeks on end w/ only a single charge and it still have juice. Reading and import documents such as per files are simple via ""drag-n-drop"" in the root folder (which you'll create), documents. I only which that the ability to read .doc .docx files were available rather than having to convert files to pdf format. The screen is gentle to the eyes to read, whether outside in the sun or a low light setting, backlight or not."	USB-C Charging Cable
I just love this. best investment ever! I am considering buying this again and offering it as a christmas present.	USB-C Charging Cable
I've been rockin' one iPad or another since Apple launched them in 2010, and never saw the need for a dedicated reading device like the Kindle. That said, I picked one up on a whim during Black Friday and I finally understand what the fuss is about. The text customization options make it easy to design/find the perfect reading experience, and the fact that I can send Instapaper articles to my Kindle from all my other devices is awesome. The fact that the screen is lit from the edges (as opposed to a backlight) makes it noticeably less draining on the eyes.Only downside is the fact that Amazon makes you spend $20 to get rid of those pesky special offers (which force you to swipe the screen to dismiss them every time the device is turned on).	USB-C Charging Cable
The paper white is easy to hold and simple to use. Downloading books is very fast. The screen is easy on the eyes and makes reading a book enjoyable.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my Kindle its the best e-reader available its the only way to read.	Lightning Charging Cable
My second purchase, new font is very readable in any light and especially outdoors. The battery life is great, no recharging every night like a phone or tablet.	Wired Headphones
I read reviews on Amazon some bashing it because they said the screen wasn't paper white. Well it isn't IF you have the back light off. It's white with the back light on. Even with my back light on durning daylight I still got a few weeks of read time out of this. It's amazing don't let others tell you it's not. And the adds only on the lock screen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a very convenient tool for me to read books, now it saves me a lot of storage of books	Flatscreen TV
First purchase of an e reader. Kindle Paperwhite is very refined after many generations of change on Kindles. Device is responsive for loading and downloading new books. Backlight is easy to use and adjustable. Our library has over 9000 books compatible with Kindle for checkout. Get the magnetic cover (Kindle brand or OEM) as it turns the device on and off with opening.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have one of the original kindles (I believe its the second version) with no back light so I thought I might like this one. Although I still prefer paper books for the most part, this is a nice addition. I think, however, that it should cost less for what it does.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a much improved Kindle reader than ones made 3 or 4 years ago. Much more user friendly	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to set up, and easy to use. Can read in bright sunlight with no glare at all. Performs as advertised. Battery life is exceptional. Will last for 8 to 10 hours on a charge depending on brightness setting.Would recommend this to any avid reader. It is light and will hold hundreds of books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Kindle Paperwhite is an awesome alternative to a paperback book. Great reading and lighting in all angles and lighting conditions. Price is great compared to similar devices. Great at what its designed for - I highly recommend if you want a dedicated reading tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good ereader if you only want to download books. Easy to download from my local library and Amazon.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this Kindle because I had one of the old ones and I was unable to read it in the dark. This new one solves that problem. My only complaint is that if does not have the hand feel that my old one had, but I had purchased a cover for it and it felt like a book. I probably will get a cover for this one which will solve that problem.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased a replacement Kindle for my Father in Law	LG Dryer
Amazon has produced a great line of eReaders that only improve more with each generation update and model. Cant go wrong with the Kindle Paperwhite. I've used the Kindle reader on other devices but it is made to be used best with the Kindle. Bought it at Best Buy as I couldnt wait to have it to start reading.	Lightning Charging Cable
This reader is everything I hoped for this price range.	USB-C Charging Cable
Finnally decided to read book on eink instead of ipad and got this kindle.I just love it, it is amazing. The text is crispy just like real ink, and the backlight is helful in all lighting conditions. Kindle books are cheaper, so buying this reader actually saves you a lot of money.	Wired Headphones
Small but meaningful software improvements and a screen as good as the Voyager make this hands down the best value in the Kindle line.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great ereader! Easy on the eyes and the battery life last whole week. Enough said	Wired Headphones
Great product and warranty is good. Excellent purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to readNo eye strainLong battery lifeSimple to useInterfaces well with computerNot for web browsingVery ergonomicLightweightSturdy	Wired Headphones
I got this for a Christmas gift for my daughter. This is the second one I have gotten for her.The first one is starting drop words and she has to download books several times in order to finish reading. She diid a lot of research before she asked for the Paperwhite. I am sure she will love it.o	Vareebadd Phone
My 1st generation Kindle broke and I decided to replace it. The back light was the one thing missing from my first Kindle. The back light, long battery life, lightweight and ability to store 1000s of books made this an excellent choice for me. I almost never leave home without it.	Google Phone
Works well in sunlight I love it! No pesky ads love it	USB-C Charging Cable
Daughter loves it. Screen easy to read. Easy on the eyes.	Wired Headphones
Easy to read books and it holds a great deal. Ideal to take on a vacation.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tried to use it for and it's does not work as ebookWhich is why I am not satisfied ..	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my Kindle Paperwhite. I read it every night before I go to bed.If you love to read before bed - I highly recommend the Paperwhite vs. the other Kindles - the others are like computer screens - and it is very stimulating to your brain... this is just like reading paper - except you don't need a light on in the room because it's back lit - but you can adjust the light from fairly bright to very low. Battery lasts 10 to 15 days depending on how much I read.	27in FHD Monitor
Very nice screen resolution. Easy to read in both sun and in the dark.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Very nice. Really enjoy it. Really like the paper appearance of the screen.	USB-C Charging Cable
She was so excited to receive it and likes that she can read it outside in the sun or inside in the dark. Big improvement over the original Kindle which I also gave her.	USB-C Charging Cable
Our daughter loves the size and portability of the product. Her iPad died and she uses her Mac book for school so this was a great choice for her to read books on.	Google Phone
How can you not love it? It provides convenience. It works great to borrow books from the public library. Just imagine all the savings on hardbound books.	USB-C Charging Cable
If you are solely looking for the best reading experience, and not looking for tablet functionality, the Kindle Paperwhite will serve your purposes very well. Besides providing a great reading experience with its dictionary, Wikipedia acess and Xray function, the in book search function works perfectly. The Glow light also works great and has a very large range of brightnesses.The text is very crisp, and the battery life s excellent. An excellent buy.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Only have such deal during holidays. It is a must buy	Apple Airpods Headphones
Gift for my wife. Great upgrade from the original kindle. The new features with built in lighting is great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
In general it is very good.I would like that the start button would be at the same place as the iPad one.I like that we have sample during 9hours free.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is the second Kindle Paperwhite that I have bought. The first is now in use by another family member. I truly enjoy reading with this e-reader. Is it easy to adjust text size and brightness, depending on your needs and room lighting.	27in FHD Monitor
This is perfect for my needs. I love reading, and can do it in low light situations now. This Paperwhite replaces one I lost in Europe on my last trip. Can't be without one.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
worth the price you pay for the product. thank you	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased this for my girlfriend who loves it. Great upgrade, even from the Kindle fire HD	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second paperwhite kindle & I can't imagine not having one with me all the time.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased the kindle, because actual books are heavy and take up to much room. The kindle works fast, and is easy to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
Took it on vacation & loved it! Read on the beach with no problems as the screen is bright & the font can be made as big as you need..Easy to download books too. If you're looking for just a great little, very portable reader I highly recommend this Kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This kindle paper white is an excellent choice for reading on the beach or in sunlight	20in Monitor
"Not quite as easy to navigate as my old Kindle. If I press on a word to look it up sometimes I'm not able to return to where I was. Also, I have not had an instance where highlighting a character name and using x-Ray gives a description of the character; it only skips to references of the name that are contained in the book. In spite of these few shortcomings I think it's a great product."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The first thought came into my mind after getting Kindle Paperwhite that why I didn't buy this thing earlier! It is an awesome device. I really didn't think that a digital device can fill up the space of a physical book. Highly recommended.	Wired Headphones
"I'm loving how easy it is to load my paper white with books and take it along on a trip or to the pool. I've used it on a recent cruise and it was perfect; I could read at night in the cabin and not wake my husband since I didn't need to turn on any lights. The ease of use has inspired me to read more, which is nice."	Lightning Charging Cable
It has been a great device to read books, and the price is awesome too.	USB-C Charging Cable
Fantastic gadget for reading. Excellent quality and the right price!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not a big reader but gave it to someone that is. She is happy so I think that should make me happy.time will tell	Vareebadd Phone
This is my second Kindle as I updated from a previous model. This is lighter more comfortable to hold and the internal light is amazing.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the small size as it is very comfortable to hold... the look and feel is very much like an actual book!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought it as a present for my little sister. She loves it so much that when she got it she did not take her hands off of it and started reading right away! Such a good kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a replacement for my son who's original kindle broke. He likes it a lot. Just wish we could figure out how to get all the old content we had bought from the old one into the new one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it for my wife for her birthday. She used on a trip to Europe and loved it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Nice to have. Convenient for vacations etc. would like it more if the local library had more choices.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Overall I'm pleased with the Kindle Paperwhite. The text is sharp and easy to read, the memory is more than adequate for all the books I could want to have available. Battery life is excellent, going for weeks without charging.It does not get 5 stars from me though. The processor is a bit slow causing a time lag to go from screen to screen or to navigation pages, I also have Kindle on my Note 4 and appreciate the lag-free response of the Samsung. Navigation is a bit cumbersome since there are no physical buttons, the ""BACK"" button in particular is missed.Having a dedicated Kindle device with great battery life and an amazing screen makes the Paperwhite worth having for me in spite of a few areas where it can be improved."	Lightning Charging Cable
This version makes it incredibly easy to read. Much better than an iPad.	Google Phone
We love to go to the beach and the wife loves to read when we are lounging around. Great graphics, even in the direct sunlight. Simple to download books and the battery life is very good	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased as gift for my wife. She loves it. Display is very crisp and easy to read	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the best kindle yet. Love the features and soft back-lighting.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The adjustable backlighting is perfect for reading in any light or no light at all reducing eye strain.	USB-C Charging Cable
Is exactly what I was hoping for. Easy to use. Absolutely perfect product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Paperwhite is a great e-reader. It is light and easy on the eyes.I like that not only is it easy to find and get books from Amazon but also from my public library.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to operate, glare free adjustable brightness is great for nighttime or daytime reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
For the longest time I had been using a Kindle Keyboard which was good for its time until the 3rd gen. Paperwhite came along. The decision was a no brainer especially with the 300 dpi lighted screen and at the same reasonable price. I've gotten used to using the touch screen compared to the physical turn page buttons although every now and then the screen should be wiped to remove oils from our skin that accumulate. There is always something for everyone in the Kindle store	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this for my mom as a substitute for her kindle fire when she goes to the beach. She loves it and no glare when using! Great if you like traditional looking books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
If you are an avid reader, then this is a must have.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I wanted a digital something for store my book on. I'm am an avid reader, when time permits, but I hate toting around my books. Losing my bookmark is irritating. With my new Paperwhite, I never have that problem, and I can even carry around more than one book! I absolutely love my Kindle Paperwhite!	27in FHD Monitor
Its little improved than previous version. Good deal at this price.	iPhone
It was a gift for my 94 year old mother and she was able to learn how to use it fairly quickly.	20in Monitor
Clear, easy to use, easy to read, This is my 2nd paperwhite & would buy again.	Flatscreen TV
Easy to read in daylight and optional backlight makes this a great device. I miss the side buttons of the older version and it could be easier to tap the screen with the left hand to advance the page.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I own a Kindle HD and completely love it! But when trying to read in areas with a lot of light I kept getting a glare. With the paperwhite I have no more glare. Awesome!	Wired Headphones
Lives up to all the positive comments that I found online. I have not encountered any of the negative issues mentioned in the reviews.	27in FHD Monitor
The is a comfortable device. It's easy to hold even with a cover. No eye strain. The light doesn't disturb anyone else, but makes it possible to read in a dark space. The battery lasts a long time. I like this much better than my nook.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my first Kindle Paperwhite and I wouldn't hesitate to purchase another when this dies. I own Nook readers and this is as good as those. (Some might say better, but for what I want in an ereader, they are pretty equivalent.) Very easy to use and comfortable to read.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my second Kindle Paperwhite. I received this generation to replace my older generation. The screen is even clearer than the previous version. Previous version still worked perfectly. Paperwhite is so easy to read and the backlight is great for bedtime reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great service. Great product for reading in sunlight.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice compact size. White screen makes it easier to read	Lightning Charging Cable
I think this model is better than the latest voyage model...	USB-C Charging Cable
Kindle paperwhite is very good for reading. I have bought 4. I think it very good both for personal use and gift.	Wired Headphones
I didn't expect it to be so little, however I ordered it online and I should have read the description on the screen size. Other than that, it has been really great reading and playing with it.	Flatscreen TV
Works beautifully and I enjoy the product. My daughter loves it.	27in FHD Monitor
got this because where i work we are not allowed anything with a camera.this was perfect,can read for hours with little strain on my eyes.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The view is so clear & much more enjoyable than the prevoius model.	Wired Headphones
I love my Kindle Paperwhite. I can read at night without my eyes bothering me. The builtIn light is an awesome feature. The screen looks just like the pages of a book.	Google Phone
Great book reader. Works great in sunlight as well!	Wired Headphones
Great for reading while traveling or reading in bed	20in Monitor
Found it to be very simple to use. I would recommend it to my friends.	Lightning Charging Cable
I've had the original Kindle and was excited to get the paper white for Christmas. I absolutely love it. Extremely easy to read and handle. Wish I had gotten it a long time ago,	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a bit smaller than my original. Backlight makes it simple to see ANYWHERE. Wish there was another option other than touch.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I really enjoy this item. Very easy to use and navigate	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought 2 as gifts. One for my husbands birthday. He reads a lot of books and is enjoying not holding the heavy books. The other for our granddaughters Christmas. Both seem very pleased. My husband said he should get me one for my birthday.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
nice price, loved the price match--easy to get refund of cost differencemuch simpler to view than original kindle	ThinkPad Laptop
Very satisfied with the Kindle Paperwhite reader. The single issue I have is that I would like to have the capability to do reverse contrast. Not a deal breaker for me thought.	Wired Headphones
Definitely better than my prior kindle. I do not need reading light anymore	Lightning Charging Cable
The paper white is a fantastic e reader with many great features not found on most of the competitors	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really like reading paper white. I wish it listed the books the way my kindle fire dose like in a book case. But all and all I'm very happy with the paper white kindle	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This would be my only ereader, perfect for days outside in sun or at beach, etc.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a Christmas present for my daughter, she reads big books very fast. When we bought the Kindle Paperwhiye we signed up for the Amazon Prime now she reads up to 5 books a week.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my wife who swore she would never give up paperback books. Now she uses this one all the time. It's the perfect size to fit in her purse for trips too.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is the first Kindle I buy and I was hoping to be a good experience which so far has been. You may not treat this device as a limited tablet since it is not. It's a reader that works just fine for that. If you compare it you'll feel it lacks speed or responsiveness, but remember that this is just a reader and it works fine for that purpose. The extra feature, the backlight, works pretty fine even at dark rooms without leaving you blind.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love it. Good size for travel. Great features. No glare when using outside in the sun.	27in FHD Monitor
This is such an improvement over the original Kindle. The pages are easier to read in any light.	USB-C Charging Cable
Being an avid reader with a preference towards hardbacks I was very skeptical of e-readers. Because I also travel extensively carrying hardbacks and having enough lighting to read has been a challange. My husband purchased a Kindle Paperwhite for me for Christmas. Upon opening I wasn't sure I was ready to go digital - HOWEVER I love it, I've already completed 2 books. The paperwhite is backlit and easy to hold. It fits in the palm of my hand so one handed reading is easy. I am now a believer ....	USB-C Charging Cable
It's only a few weeks old, but so far the TV is working great. Great picture. No issues to report.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my first E-Reader but I have numerous mobile devices and I can say without hesitation that this reader is awesome. It's just like reading a book. I have no complaints, fits my needs perfectly. Very pleased with my purchase.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought the Kindle Voyage and it had a yellow tint on the top half. Found out later this is a defect on most. Also, the auto light part I didn't like. Much happier with this, and it's cheaper.	Google Phone
It was a birthday present for a teenager. He carries it around and reads mostly on the kindle.	Wired Headphones
Works great for reading books online. If only using for reading would be a great purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading outdoors and in low light. Easy to use than my old one and lighter.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Kindle is a very portable reader to replace paperbook.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am so very happy with my new kindle paperwhite. It is everything I hoped for!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We had an earlier version of Kindle that in my opinion was hard to read the print. We purchased the Kindle paperwhite and love the brightness. It's much easier to read and doesn't strain my eyes.	USB-C Charging Cable
love the light, this tablet is great, if u just want to read	Wired Headphones
Easy set up and use. Beautiful screen, comfortable and light weight. No eye strain!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased 3 (2 as gifts) recently believing all prior purchases would be compatible with the Paperwhite. I was highly disappointed to learn that interactive solitaire and word games I played on the old Kindle Touch were lost.	USB-C Charging Cable
I had the kindle keyboard before and got the paper white for Christmas and really like. I can read I any light I no longer have to have a light attached to my kindle to read before bed. Pretty simple to use.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought as a gift for my daughter but she also received from another person. However she still enjoyed it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my wife and she loved it! We bought this specifically because it has no glare in the sun, tons of books through Amazon!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Daughter gave me one last year, so I returned the favor this year! She's thrilled and obsessed (her words)!	iPhone
There is nothing better than a Paperwhite for reading and the new one is just great - clear, clean and quick.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great battery life, excellent screen to read. Help and directions could be better but still very happy	iPhone
gave this as a gift and she seems to like it and using it often	Lightning Charging Cable
It took a little while to figure it out, but once I did it is very simple and easy to use! Convenient and great for reading both indoors and outdoors which is exactly what I was looking for.	LG Washing Machine
This was a gift for my daughter and she absolutely loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle paperwight is a great lightweight alternative to my usual 10 inch e-reader tablet for travel and reading outside.	USB-C Charging Cable
works excellent in daylight either inside or outside and the backlight is great for nightime	Wired Headphones
Excellent product nysecond one will but again love read	iPhone
My son was very pleased with this kindle and will read more often now.	Lightning Charging Cable
Like most, I love reading actual books that I can feel in my hand and turn the physical pages of. Due to that thinking, I spent years not really considering a Kindle. All I can say is that I wish I had one years ago!! It's incredibly easy to read on, and so handy to have. I load up tons of books, which take up no space, and am all set. And I love that I can read before bed without having to leave the light on. Having a Kindle has reinvigorated my love of reading, and I'm reading more than I have in the last few years. Cannot recommend this enough.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Couldn't be more pleased with my purchase! I've owned other devices in the past, including earlier versions of the Kindle. This one takes the cake. Extremely easy to use, fonts have great clarity, and the backlight feature is so convenient when reading at night. Has some cool features like a dictionary and Wikipedia if you want to look up a word within the text. I would definitley recommend this product!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Husband loves it-great screen. Light and easy to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent screen. Very easy to read. Easy to navigate. Love it.	27in FHD Monitor
Excellent product. There's always a blue glow in the bedroom.	Lightning Charging Cable
like the wihite background and its really easy to use anywhere	iPhone
The Paperwhite Kindle is awesome. Lightweight and easy to use. I can dim the backlight so that I don't disturb my husband when I read in bed at night.	Apple Airpods Headphones
If you like to read and travel this is the answer to that problem. You can read just about any paper in the country at any time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i have been wanting a kindle for some time and am very happy with it	27in FHD Monitor
My fiance loves that she no longer has to go to abook store to purchase a book. she can now simply click download and read a book.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great idea to not have to use a book light/light source	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This can be used in any conditions. Very user friendly.	Lightning Charging Cable
After years of not reading books, after the Kindle I read daily, the adjustable type size is a big help for old folks like myself :)	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I waited a long time to buy a Kindle Paperwhite, because I liked my first cheapo Kindle just fine. But I love, love, love the fact that it's backlit and I can read everywhere! The only thing I don't like, is with my old one, when I went to ""Home"", it listed my books and underlined the one I was reading. When I go to ""Home"" with the paperwhite, the books are showing but I sometimes have no idea which one I am reading because it's just showing the covers. I want a list with underlines!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This has been excellent purchase as avid reader it has been a pleasure bringing hours of entertaining joy. I love the lightweight sleek design & size. I take it everywhere. It is easy to use & capable of downloading everything I need.	Lightning Charging Cable
This Kindle works great for reading outdoors in daylight and can also download books using the Wi-Fi from the device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My old Kindle was broken, so I received the Paper white for a Christmas gift. I love it! It is small and light enough to carry anywhere, and I love that I can adjust the back light to accommodate day or dark.	Flatscreen TV
Previous kindle user updating to the paperwhite. Easy to read screen and the 3g is a good feature to have while traveling.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my fiance for Christmas and she loves it. She uses it everyday. The paper white version is fantastic. There is no glare, it doesn't get too bright if the room is dark, and she uses it outside as well as in the car all the time with no screen issues! This device has been charged once and that was when we first got it. She hasn't had to charge it in over a month. Highly recommend!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
You can go cheap for the regular kindle, but in my opinion its worth the extra money to get the paperwhite model. If you had both beside each other or sometimes read at night, you'd go with the paperwhite too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good kindle not much different from the other ones. Worked exactly how I expected it to.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love having more books with less weight! I also love the way I can read at night!	USB-C Charging Cable
Simply great. Really comfortable to read, even for hours. Took me a bit to get used to the light settings though, but once I got the hang of it, really nice.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had one of the original Kindles for about 5 years and enjoyed it very much. After it was stolen from my office I got the Kindle Paperwhite. Other than having to get used to doing everything by touchscreen I like it even better than my old Kindle. I especially like the backlight. And, of course, having everything stored in the cloud meant I didn't lose all of my previously purchased books. I do wish it had multiple static pictures to display when turned off the way the old Kindle did.I do hope whoever stole my old Kindle enjoys their new paperweight because that is all that it is good for except for the books already on it. I had it locked down as soon as I discovered it missing.	Wired Headphones
Couldn't wait for my son to open his Kindle Paperwhite. for Christmas. He was thrilled to get it. But, powering it up he found out it was lighter, more versatile and enjoyable to use. One of the best.gifts I've given.	Google Phone
Bought this item as a present for my college-age son. Didn't know much about kindles, but my research led me to this model. May not have all the bells and whistles of a more expensive version, but it is suiting him just fine. Easy to use and read, good size. I'm pleased he's pleased!	USB-C Charging Cable
I appreciate the small size, clarity of text, and long battery life if the WiFi is turned off.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my daughter, she loves it. Can't put it down. Great product	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for wife and she loves it and has already used it	Google Phone
I had a Nook for several years but did not get good service from Barnesand Noble so I switched to the Amazon Kindle and I am sooooo happy!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Needed something that I could read at night without using a light. The backlight is perfect.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"The best reader out there - however don't expect to use this tablet for its web browser function - looks strange seeing ""paper"" versions of websites as the paper white feature cannot be turned off."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This paperwhite is just the right size as many paperbacks, but thinner. Can read in any light. Works as advertised!	Lightning Charging Cable
Kindle paper white is great. Easy to read with. Lightweight so you can throw it in your purse or travel bag & take it anywhere. I haven't had the chance to use it outside yet, but will when the weather warms up. Best gift I ever gave myself!	Wired Headphones
I had purchased the original kindle s few years ago and in December sprang for the new kindle paper white. I thought I might have been wasting money but it is definately an improvement to the original. It's lighter and so much clearer to read from. It's easier to read in dark situations or on flights at night. I love the differences the new improved kindle provides.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
She initially didn't think she would like it as she preferred reading an actual book. She changed her mind after a couple of days and now really prefers it. Easy to use	iPhone
I love the Amazon White for its size and lighted screen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoyed reading on my old Kindle for many years, however I cracked the screen. I didn't want a tablet because I like how the readers are lighter and easier to read. I read all the reviews for the Paper white. It meets all my needs and is even better than the first edition Kindle. I love the higher resolution. It's easy on my eyes so I can read for hours. Great storage also.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a Kindle Color before. It was great, but the White Paper is way better. You don't need a light on to see the print. I use it a lot on airplanes	Wired Headphones
best buy matching prices was great it did match the price offered by other vendors thats why i always go to best buy for all my gadgets need	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this primarily for reading at night without a nightlight as to not disturb my wife. It has been perfect for that and normal reading conditions. I was nervous to move away from actual books, but it has not been as bad as I initially thought.	20in Monitor
I've been a long time user of their main competitor's products and recently purchased this to get a few e-books not available in the other vendor's catalog. The biggest difference I noticed is that this ereader defaults to having the light on at all times. I was skeptical at first, but haven't seen any problems with battery life and it actually is a little nicer to read, even in moderately lit areas.	Wired Headphones
gave it to my wife who never used a computer or anything hi techshe loves it and had no problem learning to use it...	Macbook Pro Laptop
Love this Kindle paperwhite!! It is easily carried in my purse!!	LG Washing Machine
I was amazed at how clear and crisp the letters appear. I can't put it down. It is light and easy to hold and page. I like the size because it is easy to carry but big enough to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For the price this thing cannot be beat. It does more than expected, very pleased.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy setup, so convenient, don't leave home without it	27in FHD Monitor
Excellent product. I did extensive research before purchasing my new kindle. This is the third kindle I've had. Only problem with kindle is that their charging port becomes loose and will not charge your kindle.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Paperwhite is the best e-reader of them all. You can not beat the quality of the screen. It is the same resolution and ppi as the more expensive model of Kindle the Kindle Voyage. The only issue you may have is the limited storage capacity of 4GB, but that's the standard storage for most e-readers.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Christmas gift for a family member. They love it. It was easy and quick to set up for them. It will be practical to use at home and to travel.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Kindle! It is one of the best Christmas gifts I've received in a long time. It's the ideal version of a book electronically. It's light weight and easy on the eyes. I recommend this Kindle to anyone that loves to read but isn't thrilled about carrying around a hard back or paper book.	USB-C Charging Cable
I owned a first generation kindle (that was shaped like a book, with one side wider and heaver to mimic a spine, BTW) when they first came out. Then I owned a kindle 2, which really didn't improve much except on the physical shape and memory. But this one is a huge improvement. Having the back-lit display is completely awesome. I thought I was going to miss a physical keyboard but I definitely don't. If you have a non-backlit kindle, I'd definitely recommend this one. Also, I've played with my friend's Voyager, and I definitely don't think it's worth the extra price for what you get.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great product for our needs and great value! Bought one for my son and a second for my mom.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This e-reader is amazing. It is so light and easy to read with one hand. The screen is great and the battery lasts for weeks.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use with great battery life, and easy to read in all light conditions.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle Paperwhite is, hands down, the best e-reader out there. Text is sharp and clear. No glare. Simple to use. I'm reading more than ever.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my girlfriend as a Christmas present, and she hasn't been able to put it down.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Received as a Christmas present. The size is perfect. I read a lot and this is perfect for me.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great quality this is the second one I got for my family	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The built in backlight is fantastic. Let you get a slimmer case that's easier to carry around	Lightning Charging Cable
Have been using a tablet and find the Kindle harder to navigate.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this kindle for a gift for Christmas and my mom loves it. I would suggest this for any avid book reader tons of books and tons of possibilities.	Wired Headphones
I purchased the Kindle after researching readers online, I have had it for a month and it is awesome!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great battery life. Very easy to read in all light. Lots of free books also!	Wired Headphones
Easy to use, does great job of adjusting the background light for reading. Takes a little adjustment from my old keyboard kindle, but not a problem.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Reading in bright sunlight is now easy on the eyes	ThinkPad Laptop
bought for a birthday gift my daughter loves it. the clarity and the dictionary and vocabulary builder are great tools she says	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got this for my grandma after I Bought One now she loves it	Flatscreen TV
biased in favor of right handed persons but performs as promised. it would be nice if a lefty could move pages with his left hand as a righty can move pages with his right hand.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for me. Just the right size, light weight, and reads easy.	Google Phone
Great device to go paperless and no more books. However, hard cover books are still fun to read.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Exceeded my expectations. Light & text adjustable. Able to buy books from device and to review from Goodreads. Downloads instantly. Lightweight and easy to hold. Fits in my purse perfectly for reading on the go!	Apple Airpods Headphones
bought the original when it first came -- never a problem original battery - thought it was time to upgrade -	iPhone
My 18 year old loves her kindle paper white! Very user friendly and easy to read!	Macbook Pro Laptop
L8ght weight. Easy menu to use. Very easy for eldery mother to use	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought it for my wife, now she ignores me .. Now I can game more!! Thanks Kindle!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Paperwhite is an excellent eReader. It's easy to use, has good battery power and is a good weight and size.	27in FHD Monitor
Christmas gift for my wife who has regular Kindle and an Ipad mini.This has become her goto medium for ebooks.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
She loves reading books on it and it is very easy on the eyes	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The paper white screen is super clear and easy on the eyes, making reading a pleasure in any light. The touch controls are intuitive and easy to learn. Books load fast. The battery life has been great! If you're looking for an eBook, this is it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
eyes feel comfortable reading the paper white after lights out	USB-C Charging Cable
I love that it is lightweight and easy to use. My local librarian showed me how to borrow e-books and it is so simple to do. Perfect for me.	Google Phone
Replaced an older model that was having charger issues.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for reading! Bought it to read while traveling!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for an employee of mine. She loves it. It is light compact and allows her to carry tons of books with her. She is huge book reader so this is a must for anyone that is a big reader. She always thinks it is really easy to read also with the white background.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased as a gift - recipient has been enjoying the Kindle	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is very nice! The paperwhite is great on the eyes!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I read many reviews before purchasing. I can see why it has such a high favorable rating! The picture is clear and crisp, even when not receiving a SHD signal. Set up was quick and easy. I love the streamlined remote. I'm going to really enjoy this for the Superbowl. I would definitely recommend this tv to anyone.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Best e-reader ever! love the back light and how light it is. My boss suggested the paperwhite after she saw how much I love to read and I have to say it's the best gift I could've ever bought myself. If you love to read you won't be disappointed because it reads like an actual book the only difference is it's not bulky and you can actually adjust the backlight as needed. I also love the fact that I can read at night without having to turn on the lamp to see the letters. You can also adjust the font size so you don't have to strain your eyes (try doing that on a regular book). Over all I can't say enough good things about the paperwhite. I totally LOVE mine!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This refrigerator is absolutely terrific. The Features are very well thought out. It works well for a mom who is into healthy eating with plenty of space and for kids with their own drawer for snacks and beverages. It's attractive, too!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My old kindle died after almost ten years. Upgraded to this new model. I like the upgraded features and it is still easy to use. It's the best on the market if you just need a reader.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a gift for grandson who loves to read. Easy to set up and easy to use. Love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I switched to a Kindle because my second Nook died. The Kindle is very easy to use and extremely easy to read. There is virtually no eye strain even after many hours of reading. Also it is very sturdy.	ThinkPad Laptop
Long battery life. Great overall digital reader. I highly recommend this product.	iPhone
I bought this reader because my Nook was hard to read in the sun. THis reader was easy to use and great for any light including sunlight.	Apple Airpods Headphones
great reader, no glare. Love my iPad, but this is great if you don't want the glare from light. After using this product it is not as quick as an iPad.	Google Phone
I purchased the Paperwhite specifically because I want to be able to read in bright sunlight. I bought this around Christmas time so I have not been near a pool deck yet, but I assume it will do what it is advertised as. It has a six inch screen, a bit small for me, but I do like it. It's lightweight so you can put it in a handbag and not feel weighted down. The only thing I don't like is that the screen is black and white, not color like my Kindle Fire. That took some getting used to but I look forward to laying by the pool and reading a good book while getting some sun!	Wired Headphones
The lighting makes this kindle the best I 've seen.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love reading & I have thought about getting an e-reader for a while now. The Kindle Paperwhite is lightweight, has adjustable lighting, is easy to read inside & outside, & the text is adjustable for both size & type. Holds a charge for days, even when used for hours at a time. Amazon has thousands of books for Kindle, many deals/discounts & even has books that are free. Well worth purchasing if you love to read.	Flatscreen TV
I loved everything about my kindle paperwhite but then while reading the other night I swiped to turn the page and nothing happened. It froze after using it for about two years, give or take a couple of months. I've tried restarting it but it does not shut off. I advise you also buy the extended two year warranty or just go back to reading real books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great product and service. the amazon kindle was is perfect for reading	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my third Kindle & each one has been excellent. My most recent purchase was the Paperwhite because of the built in light. I really enjoy reading with, especially in dark places.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Super convenient. Battery life for weeks. Perfect for morning train commute.	Wired Headphones
I love how user friendly it is. It was a gifts for my daughter who is not very good with technology. She loves it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a gift for a teen. I already have one and love it. Being able to select a new book to read any time of the day is great. I am a library user so wasn't sure I was get much use out of a kindle. I have grown to love it. Many free books are available and you can share your selections with others. Functions allow you to increase font size, read it either portrait or landscape (great for reading in bed), and screen brightness is adaptable. Can play games on it, and you need wifi just to acquire new books. You can take it anywhere to read your books.	Flatscreen TV
I've had an iPad and iPHone for years, which also allow me to read my kindle library, but the Paperwhite has three advantages: 1) you can see it in bright sunlight, 2) the charge will last for weeks, and 3) because it is much cheaper it is less vulnerable to theft and less of a loss if it is damaged. I bought the Internet version, but it is also available with a connection to the kindle net, which enables you to download books anywhere, even where there is no access to Internet.	USB-C Charging Cable
Was trying to decide between the voyage and this model. No regrets whatsoever on going with the Paperwhite!	USB-C Charging Cable
Wife likes it, and I can sleep at night without the room getting lit up.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I wanted to like this a lot because my Ipad Mini is ""heavy"" to carry in my purse all the time. This is so very light. BUT they make you jump through hoops to get rid of all the advertising on the device AND when you buy it at Best Buy you are not given a choice to ""spend an extra 20 on a 119 dollar ""book"" or put up with their ads"". I had to go through being on hold FOREVER to get someone to help get this off my device so that was an IMMEDIATE turn-off. I don't find it to page-turn handle as well as my OLD ORIGINAL NOOK OR NOOK COLOR and certainly not anything like the Ipad Mini. If I hadnt kept it too long to return I would have. It doesn't auto correct to landscape then portrate, nope you have to MANUALLY CHOOSE ONE OR THE OTHER AND GOING BACK AND FORTH IS just stupid...it should have been part of the IMPROVED design, THEY REALLY MISSED THE MARK FOR THE PRICE. i CAN GET A FULL TABLET FOR LESS MONEY THAT DOES ALL THAT AND SIMPLY USE THE KINDLE APPPROSLight weightSmall for purseback lightCONS1-comes preloaded with ads2-not easy to get them off if you buy device in a store3-page control is not that simple4-t doesn't auto turn from landscape to portrate you have to set it to one OR the other5-not as touch responsive to anything6-don't like the organization of it"	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great product. Books download fast. Great traveling companion.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my new paperwhite. I can download books quickly and now read more books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Paperwhite is very convenient. Great battery life. I still love books, but with the Paperwhite, I can have multiple books going at once, depending on what I feel like reading at the time. Overall a great product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very powerful book! Regardless of the no. of books I purchased, I only carry 1 small, light unit!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The hardest part is learning how to download the books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My son was very happy with his Christmas gift. Kindle unlimited a must!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We bought this to use instead of an IPad for reading books. It's a great buy! no glare from sunlight or lightbulbs and super light and easy to carry around!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
After careful review, i have decided to reward my son with a Kindle paperwhite for his birthday. He has a new Dell lap top and sometimes uses a mini iPad but he really wanted a kindle of his own. I think he enjoys downloading his books to read for school and for leisure.	Flatscreen TV
Being the best husband I can be, after hearing the wife say she would like a Kindle, did some research and saw that the PaperWhite would be perfect for her reading habits.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I am a previous kindle owner - my favorite feature of this kindle is the back light. I love to sit outside and read and this makes is possible without having to juggle a light	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I wanted a tablet had no idea what one I wanted and the sales clerk said that he would buy this one if it was him making the purchase so I said OK bought it and was in and out of the store in 15 minutes! Great service and a great product!	Lightning Charging Cable
I really like how it light up from behind, which allows me to read it in the bright light and in the dark.	Lightning Charging Cable
I initially read e-books on my old Kindle that needed a light. I then migrated to using my mini iPad with a kindle app. The brightness bothered my eyes and outside it was pretty useless. I bought the paper white as it has a backlight that isn't too strong. Love it!	Wired Headphones
A must buy if you want to read without the hassle of a physical book!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
With a 300+ book library, I'm an avid reader. But when you're teaching a 1200-page behemoth, carting it around becomes a bit of a burden. With the Kindle, it weighs almost nothing. Plus with the Paperwhite, I can read when the wife goes to sleep without getting kicked out because of lamplight! Love it	USB-C Charging Cable
After your initial kindle library download, the battery should last 2-3 weeks with the backlight close to the highest setting.	Flatscreen TV
Is there any better e-reader on the market? Not when you consider the overall quality and low price. This model has the same razor sharp resolution as the Voyage but with longer battery life. If you want a backlit e-reader, this is the one to buy.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great for reading in both the dark and outside. Perfect for the bookworm in your family.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for a gift and she enjoys using it daily.	27in FHD Monitor
The paper white is great after a day on the computer at work. It's so much easier on my eyes than a tablet. Love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my X'mas gift for myself. It is good up to now. Very easy to carry and eyes don't feel tired after reading.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle Paperwhite is easy to read in daylight outside is shining as well as in the dark. I no longer need a reading light at night to enjoy my books. The battery lasts several weeks between charges. I would recommend this unit to friends!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Still to new to review but have high hopes for it.	Wired Headphones
It's my second Kindle but it didn't come with any instructions so it's taking a little while to figure out. The back lighting is great.	Wired Headphones
Very happy that I decided to upgrade to the paperwhite version of the Kindle. Now I can see what I am reading. It was very difficult with the original Kindle that I received as a gift.	iPhone
Great size, easy to read at night and no glare screen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the lack of bells and whistles stuck in Airport battery lasts forever	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I can't put this Kindle down! It's amazing to have this thing on me at all times. Best purchase of the year	Wired Headphones
Purchased the Kindle PaperWhite because I got tired of reading on regular tablets and ipads. Those devices really do strain your eyes...not so with the Kindle. The display is crisp and amazing. The battery life is astronomical. Highly recommended and for the price...it is a steal.	Google Phone
I like the sleek design. This is good enough for me. Works as designed to be.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It took a bit for me to get used to the Kindle as I was used to reading the books on my phone with the Kindle app. I was a bit bummed with losing the color. I also don’t like that it has no sound. Other than that it's a nice lightweight device with a good battery life. At first I thought it was defective because it froze up the first time I plugged in the usb. It actually stayed frozen for a couple days before it finally started working again.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a gift to my husband. It's the only e-reader that can be read in sunlight and since we were going to Hawaii, I thought it'd be nice for him not to have to lug along a bunch of books (I already had my Kindle).	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Paper white does everything I've wanted in a reader. Light, great lighted background, and the easiest to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy to operate and convenient to travel with.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Light, compact, and great light. This is the best e-reader money can buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought as a gift. I have one and wouldn't be without it.	Wired Headphones
Wife enjoys using the Kindle reader so much that I may have to purchase a second one for me!	27in FHD Monitor
"I purchased this as a gift for my mother. I already owned a Kindle Paperwhite and knew that it would be perfect for her. It is lightweight and easy to hold; lit from behind so no glare (easy on the eyes); and the font size can be easily adjusted. A charge lasts for a week or more. With a Kindle you can carry an entire library of books with you. The Paperwhite easily slips into a purse or large coat pocket, so you are never without a book whether you are traveling or waiting for someone. I was right about my mom; she was thrilled to receive her Kindle, and at 86 she is excited about using new technnology."	Lightning Charging Cable
I had been reading on my iPad mini but I was scared it would damage it carry it around. This is perfect!!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The recharging port is not working consistently. I have tried other cables, so I know it's not the cable. Otherwise it works fine. I am looking forward to not having to charge it but once a week.	USB-C Charging Cable
Pleasant experience, I still love paper books, but you get used to the versatility of the kindle	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I take this with me when I don't want to carry heavy books. White background much easier to read than original gray.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Endless number of titles to choose from at a very reasonable price. This e-reader is a great value.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's small and compact. There is no glare, battery life is awesome and it's very easy to read in the dark.	Lightning Charging Cable
The paper white is a great kindle that easy to handle and use. Bright screen is perfect for sunlight	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle. I prefer this to the fire because I only want it for books not applications and I can read this screen in the sunlight. The battery life is good and even better if I turn the WiFi off. I'm very happy with my purchase.	iPhone
Really a nice laptop for a good price. Also very good service from the salesman.	Lightning Charging Cable
My phone (Note 5) is just a little small to hold and to read books on. This Kindle is much better. Lightweight, easy to read, great battery life. It's right on the edge of being a little big, but that's probably because of what I've been used to.	20in Monitor
I originally bought the more expensive, Voyage model, and I definalty prefer this one. It is much easier to grip, and is doesn't get as smudgy. I could not tell much difference in the screen quality, the major noticeable thing was the Voyage has a smooth screen, and this one is a little rough to the touch, but that doesn't matter at all.	27in FHD Monitor
This was an upgrade from an older model. It works better in daylight.	Wired Headphones
started with the early Kindle years ago and upgraded to the Paperwhite. My wife and I each have one and they go everywhere with us.	USB-C Charging Cable
The best e-reader. It's light weight and holds its charge for days. Awesome!	Wired Headphones
I thought I was going to hate not reading a paper copy book. But to my surprise I do not mind it ar all. I do still like the hard copy book but it's nice to have the Kindle handy whenever!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very portable and usable without the eye strain that is part and parcel of using a back lit tablet for prolonged periods of time. Able to read at night without compromising the ability to sleep later due to the suppression of melatonin caused by the bright light of a tablet. A decent cover is a must to protect the unit it is also is easier to hold.	Wired Headphones
It's great to read either in the day or at night. It's light and has nice feeling of touch. My friends bought their kindle long time ago, and I just got mine. The design and everything is better and better. I love kindle paperwhite than the basic one. I would highly recommend it to my other friends if they don't have one.	Google Phone
I love this little device. It's perfect for reading anywhere and anytime, especially great to use in the dark after my hubby is asleep. Most back lit devices hurt my eyes by this one doesn't bother them at all.	Lightning Charging Cable
It is the second I bought it, the first was given to my mom, it is very easy to carry while you travel.	Google Phone
purchase a cover to go with it and it feels just like you're reading a book	Wired Headphones
Don't over pay for things you don't need or want. Great value for a reader ! Just we were looking for and works good.	Lightning Charging Cable
Found information very readable and prices compatible.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good purchase. If there is a way to make the kindle flash less when navigating, it will be even better	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great buy if you are not needing the backlight. Easy to use and battery lasts for weeks.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Good screen resolution, very handy, easy to operate, compact; great reading device"	ThinkPad Laptop
I'm high-tech in most ways but have always been a traditionalist when it comes to books. I love the feel of paper in my hands. This was my first eBook reader and I'm surprised to be 100% satisfied. I've read more in the past month than I had in the previous year.I have no complaints about it at all. Small and durable. Light works great and is easily adjustable. I thought I would hate the advertisements but it's really just on the screen when the power is off, then it goes away when you start to read. I mostly use Overdrive for library books, and it's a bit of a pain (since you need a computer and the Kindle), but it's well worth it.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle Paperwhite is a great device to have while flying on long trips. It helps to past the time and it is very easy to use and transport in your personal luggage.	USB-C Charging Cable
Couldnt have been a better product for day to day reading	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a simple Ereader that looks great in any light. Highly recommended!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
There is no doubt this is the best available e-reader in the market.I was struggling with tablet vs reader but eventually ended up with reader as it gives the best reading experience.	Google Phone
Compact, great look without that super bright look of tablets that seems to strain my eyes when reading for a while. Not much as far as tablet features, but as just an e-reader this is the best out there for now	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent reader. We have Amazon Prime and access to a number of books with Amazom. Plus we utilize our local library. This paperwhite is excellent for reading at anytime. Good battery life.If you only need a reader, you can not buy a better one. If you want more, look at the Kindle Fire tablet. Good price.	Wired Headphones
This was a perfect gift for my daughter, especially as she gets ready to go to college.	Wired Headphones
I bought this rather than a Kindle Fire as I was just looking to read and not use any apps.	Lightning Charging Cable
"I spend a lot of time looking at a computer screen; when it comes time for leisure reading, it is nice to have relief from bright light. The paperwhite Kindle provides a very eye-friendly experience, with sharp text even at a small size. And there's no struggle with holding open pages of a book. Unlike the Kindle Fire, obviously, it is not a good choice for browsing the web or reading e-mail. Navigation between books is not as easy as I would like; a half screen of 6 recent books, with the other half taken up by ""recommended"" books is not as handy as a full-screen text list of my books would be. But the actual process of reading is easy, and there are a few tools for note taking and seeing how frequently other people highlight sections of text. Cross-book text searching is a great feature, if you need it, too."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Paperwhite feature is perfect for intended uses. Outside, on the beach, at night.	27in FHD Monitor
"I bought this as a retirement gift for a friend. I love the size and weight of this kindle, as well as the ""paperwhite"" lighting."	USB-C Charging Cable
This compact device is easy to use and can be taken anywhere. It is a pleasure to have your favorite book with you when you have some down time.	Wired Headphones
I bought this for my wife who wanted it more for travel. Ideal for airplane travel and works well with cover on the beach as well. She even uses it a lot in the home.	Lightning Charging Cable
It was not what I went into the store for but it's what I left with	Apple Airpods Headphones
So much easier to read on this. The light helps too. Although having a nice hard cover in the hands is still nice	Lightning Charging Cable
I was looking for a reader that I could use outdoors and found this device to be excellent outdoors. The battery life thus far has been excellent. It took some adjustment going from my Kindle fire to the Kindle paperwhite. Overall I am very happy with this new device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Upgraded from first generation kindle. Works better than expected	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I prefer this version of the kindle to the previous generation. It has a backlight that can be adjusted easily and its light weight. I did have a crack appear in my screen and it made the backlight shine through awfully bright in that area. Unsure how it happened but Amazon replaced it nonetheless.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very nice eReader - a big step up from the basic reader that I started with.	Wired Headphones
easy on the eyes and no trouble to use. had a little trouble setting up but once we did there has been no issues. great for traveling or curling up in your favourite chair	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this kindle for my daughter, she loves it. Now I have three kindles at home for my kids.	20in Monitor
Great product.....................................	Lightning Charging Cable
Im in love with this kindle...i upgraded from a kindle 2 and the convenience of having the light built in is awesome! Theres no eyestrain whatsoever! It goes with me everywhere i go!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I received the Standard Kindle as a gift and upgraded to the paper white. It is perfect for all settings and is super easy to use. The backlights and adjustable dimmer makes it perfect in any light. I am reading so much more now with my new Kindle Paperwhite. Absolutely love it!	Vareebadd Phone
I love my Kindle Paperwhite! It's very easy to use and lightweight. The best part is that I can read it outside during the day or late at night in bed. It's easier on my eyes than reading from the Kindle ap on my phone.	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle paperwhite is the perfect e-reader. The screen resolution, size, and capacity make a complete package. If your objective is to read, this is the optimal product. If you want to play games or are enamored with color for magazine viewing, do not purchase this product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Briught my Kindle Paperwhite on a beautiful sunny cruise. It was wonderful. It's easy to read in the sun, or the shade. Simple to download books, easy to charge, held a charge for days worth of reading.	Wired Headphones
The price, design, size,and the resolution is perfect!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I've previously owned a Nook and Ipad. This eReader is by far the best. The instant dictionary is a plus. Excellent for reading in bright or low light conditions. Easy out of the box set up. No complaints!	Wired Headphones
Very easy to read and great back lighting. Discounted price was a pleasant surprise.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
There have been a few minor changes included in this new Kindle that I don't particularly like.Opening page is slightly confusing.	Flatscreen TV
This is a great e reader. There is no glare it is easy on the eyes.	Lightning Charging Cable
The screen is easy on the eyes. The light is always just right. Small enough to carry in a pocket or purse. Never run out of something to read.	Wired Headphones
Devise does what it's supposed to do very well. Easy on the eyes and battery life is awesome. Recommended	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to setup and use. I gave this as a gift to a 13 year old. % minutes later, she and the books loaded and started to read.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading books, backlight is useful. Love being able to get library books on it. Not sure I'm a fan of the ads when the unit is asleep though..	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got it for my wife she loves it easy to read loves the fact that does not have to carry a book with. Her	20in Monitor
I really like this product. It is my first e-reader. My family has had them but now that I have my own I love it. It really looks like you are reading a real page in a book and the backlight is what really makes the difference for me. It allows me to read anywhere even in the dark without worry about fumbling with a reading light. Although I love the feel of a real book and watching the bookmark go further through the pages I am starting to get over that. The connivence of holding this instead of a book and also being able to have multiple books going at once without carrying a bunch of books with you is great. I can fit this in my coat pocket on the train while I commute. It is pretty small and now that I figured out how to borrow kindle books from my library via overdrive I save a ton of money by borrowing instead of paying for all my kindle books. I definitely recommend this Kindle Paperwhite product, the 300 ppi screen is really nice and the price is very reasonable. I couldn't find any reason to buy the more expensive version called the Voyage so my opinion is get this one.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Originally purchased for visually impaired elderly person. I would have liked the screen to be at least 2"" larger."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
loved the size and lightness of the product. Stays charged for a long time.	27in FHD Monitor
well it was what i expected easy to download books ............... good price	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
great product--exceeded expectations. Love the paper white screen	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This reader has everything I wanted except the ability to download books directly. It is extremely easy to read and a perfect size for transport	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I've been wanting a Kindle Paperwhite for a while, putting off buying some books I want to read because I didn't want to be carrying all that weight with me when I'm traveling. I'm so glad I finally got it! I loaded the books on, and it's been really easy to use. The controls are intuitive, and the light is great. Easy to use, easy to read on it.	Wired Headphones
I was a little skeptical about reading books on this device, thinking it wouldn't feel like reading on paper. I was wrong. Very realistic.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle Paperwhite is lightweight and simple to use! I love my kindle! It looks just like I'm reading a regular book but I don't have to worry about flipping pages I just slide my finger or tap!	Google Phone
After ranting against e-readers for years, I decided that I could use one for the long bus trips into and back from work. Tablets gave me eyestrain, and one of my brothers (who happened to have the same problem with tablet-reading) suggested doing what he did and getting a Paperwhite.This thing is amazing! I am now a firm believer! The simplicity of its controls, the portability, and Best Buy's 2-year extended warranty have made this something I ALWAYS carry with me!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I didn't quite know what to expect but I'm pleased with the product.	Wired Headphones
I bought this as a gift for my wife who in the past said she would never use a Kindle. Since getting one, she uses it any spare moment that she has. It is convenient to take on trips, easy to use, and can be read in low lit areas. The antiglare screen is great when used outdoors or in brightly lit locations.	Flatscreen TV
I love my kindle, i did a lot of research and this was the best option for me, i don't regret buying it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was a replacement for one of the original Kindles I used. I enjoy this product much better. Screen resolution and backlight are excellent enhancements. Works great in bright sunlight. Touch screen works much better that old keyboard. Would buy it again in a heartbeat	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We got this item for my parents to use - who are not the most tech savvy - and even they love to use it! It took them a few days to catch on and fully understand how it works and why its so great but now they each want one of their own	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was actually a gift for a family member. Maybe one day I'll cave in and buy one to play around with. Otherwise a good little tablet you can carry around in place of books!!	Wired Headphones
I love my new Kindle Paperwhite. I love the small size and the fact that is backlit.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very happy with the product. Very simple to set up. Easy on eyes. Great option when you are on the road.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"Bought this for my aunt who could no longer enjoy reading books due to her very poor vision and she loves it. The only problem she has is when unwanted windows pop up; she's not very tech-savvy and doesn't know how to get rid of them."	USB-C Charging Cable
Like that I can choose to get books from Kindle or I can borrow books from my local library.	Wired Headphones
The Amazon Kindle Paperwhite is still the king of e-readers. I have an older version that I still enjoy and it was time to bring another Kindle into the house because of my fiancee. She loves the experience that the Kindle Paperwhite gives for the same reason I do, it eliminates a lot of glare and closely imitates an actual book. This a perfect creation that combines the classic experience of reading a book with the modern convenience of a tablet. A+ Amazon, A frickin' +.	27in FHD Monitor
she loves it and uses it. easy to adjust type size, she is computer illiterate and needs help loading books	Wired Headphones
Other digital devices are distracting. Kindle keeps you focused and gives a good feeling of reading.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My husband loves it. He is definitely reading more since he got it!	USB-C Charging Cable
This is an awesome kindle easy to transport and love the clear screen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Loved my Kindle so much I bought one for my wife too. She loves the Kindle and find we both devote more time to reading!	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased before going on vacation. Good price and compact design. Works great better than paperbacks	Wired Headphones
Paperwhite is light. Light feature is a must for night readers. No paper! No more trips to the library. The library is in your hands. 8 months and counting with no issues! Can't go wrong with amazon products! Why are you still reading this review? Go to your local best buy and purchase me the amazon kindle paperwhite now!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love it! Lightweight, great for outdoor reading, for travel and all around reading.	Google Phone
It is useful and quite light weight. This tablet is much more than my expectation. Besides, my eyes feel very comfortable to read article on it.	Wired Headphones
I had been waffling recently on whether to upgrade my first gen paperwhite to the newer one. I'm glad I finally did. The resolution is much better than my old one.	Wired Headphones
Long battery life, clear,crisp screen,lightweight and easy to hold. Compatible with Amazon's vast ecosystem of reading materials. Lose yourself in the book--- it is a joy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my third kindle. I mainly bought this one so that I would be able to read on the beach.So far I really like it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The perfect e-reader quite simply. Does exactly what you need it to do.	USB-C Charging Cable
I upgraded to the Paperwhite from an older Kindle. It's definitely an improvement over my last one and it brings some modern technology to a familiar user interface. You can't really beat what you get for the price.	Product
This thing is awesome! I am not much of reader myself but wanted to get into reading to improve my reading speeds and enjoy a good book every now and then. This seemed to worked perfectly for me. I can say I know enjoy reading very much, even after years and years of never picking up a book.I have always wanted a kindle ever since I saw the wonderful paper-like screen it had, and this one in particular has a built in adjustable light, which is a great feature for reading in dark places.With kindle unlimited it makes it even easier and really inexpensive to read books without the commitment to have to buy the book, not to mention all the free samples.I have yet to even scratch the surface on the newspapers, magazines and other fairly inexpensive subscription based services offered by kindle store. Can't wait!	Google Phone
Much better then our old nook reader in every fashion	Apple Airpods Headphones
was able to replace with new, with my warranty. This is is little better than the first one	ThinkPad Laptop
My wife has had one for quite a bit and she was always telling me this was the way to go. No matter how low I put the brightness on my phone, it was still a very harsh light. I can easily set the brightness to a comfortable level, still use it in any light, and I find I fall asleep faster at night side it is easy in the eyes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I moved from a tablet back to the Kindle Paper white because I can read it anytime anywhere. So happy for the non glare screen	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for my husband. He loves that it is so lightweight and has the built in light.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love electronics and thought the Kindle would be nice but certainly not something I needed. It is a reading game changer. It is so easy to take with me, holds a charge for such a long time, but the best part of all is how comfortable it makes reading. My eyes are never strained, I can read in bright sunshine or a deep dark cave. Being an Audible customer, I can switch back and forth from listening to reading and the Paperwhite always keeps my place, it is just amazing!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Very light to carry and easy to read in all light situations. The battery life makes it great for when you are on the road.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Better that reading for the phone or traditional tablet	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
sweet product beats older ones by a mile! I checked out others but this was the best all around e reader hands down. I read at all times very easy to read at night time with little light. Easy too get what ever you want to read .	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to use. Easy to read in any light. The battery last a long time.	USB-C Charging Cable
Has a slight 'smokey' look at bottom of page. Probably because that is where the ads are shown. Cannot reverse background from white to black. Reversing to white letters on black background creates less glare for night time reading. Amazon is the best for customer service as is Best Buy. Overall, I'm very happy with my Paperwhite. It's very light and now I'll read more. Very user friendly.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have eBook readers on my iPad, but my Kindle is much more enjoyable to use for reading books. It's lighter weight and non glare screen make a big difference.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I got this for reading late at night and the reader is a easy way to read at night.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for a friend's birthday. He loved it. He is a heavy reader and he couldn't believe how amazing the kindle was.	27in FHD Monitor
a good purchse for my mother-in-law with failing eyesight	Lightning Charging Cable
I have several devices I could read on, but I like to read outside on the deck, at the park, by the pool, etc., and I can't stand glare. The Paperwhite is perfect for reading outside. It also has a backlight feature so I can read in the car at night or in the bed without disturbing the wife. The Paperwhite is the perfect e-reader if you want something with no glare, very lightweight, and one that works seamlessly with Amazon. As a Prime member with Kindle Unlimited, my Kindle Paperwhite is my go-to reader for everything.	Flatscreen TV
This is my 4th Kindle and I enjoy reading on it. Goes every where with me.	Lightning Charging Cable
Battery is nice. Screen looks amazing. Couldn't have asked for anything better.	ThinkPad Laptop
I never thought I would make the switch from actual books to electronic media but I don't regret it, not for one minute! With all the free books I have already downloaded I will be reading for a lo-o-o-o-o-o-ong time!! I'm adding new books every day and the options are endless! And....I don't have to have the light on at night to read in bed anymore! Love, love, love my Kindle!	USB-C Charging Cable
I was happy with my Kindle Touch, but then started to envy people with Paperwhite who read in dark. I love my new Kindle, take it everywhere and can read books with any light.	USB-C Charging Cable
If you want a dedicated device for reading books, the Kindle paperwhite is great. Battery lasts for weeks without a charge, screen is easy on the eyes,links to dictionary.com and wikipedia are so helpful!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for those interested in a simple e-reader and don't need to stream video.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I also have a Nook but a ton of glare. I can read my Kindle Paper White anywhere! Love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
My parents had a Kindle Paperwhite they were sharing and loved it so much they wanted another one so they wouldn't have to take turns anymore. Unless you're looking for the full Android experience with the Fire or FireHD, this is the best Kindle model - the Voyager model doesn't add enough to justify it's higher cost. My tech-adverse mother absolutely adores her Paperwhite!	Apple Airpods Headphones
like the fact that this is backlit, but has more of the contrast like in the early versions of the kindle that were not backlit	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have the first generation Kindle Paperwhite and my fiance has the latest and greatest. The screen clarity and response time is greatly improved and it's still being offered at the same price. If you're a bookworm who either reads before bed and/or travels a lot, a Kindle makes a lot of sense. I like that you can dial in the screen brightness so that you can still fall asleep after reading. The battery life is great, too!	USB-C Charging Cable
The paper white is versatile e reader easy to read in all light and has great battery life	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought the kindle for my daughter and it's has been wonderful to help define words as she is going. It is also nicely compact for easy travel from place to place.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I owned the last generation of Kindle and I can say that this is a very nice update. The screen is better, backlighting removes the need for a book light and the reading experience is very delightful! I would recommend this to anyone that wants the best eReader in the Market!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had an old Kindle and this product is a lot easier to hold. I like the feel of the screen when turning the pages it almost feels like real paper.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is much better than an iPad or Android tablet for reading. Can't go wrong!	Product
Love this! I usually read at night, so I don't need a light on to use the kindle to read.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my husband's second Paperwhite because the first received water damage when his waterproof case leaked. He bought a Nook at a pawnshop because it was cheap but he missed his Kindle. Bought this one for his birthday.	Wired Headphones
Absolutely love it. Its small and you can read outside with it. It's a great buy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product. The future of reading is paperless!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very satisfied with this product. For months, I have been using both my phone and laptop for reading books, not too bad, but the battery consumption is a deal-breaker (on phone and laptop).With this reader, you get weeks of battery life, and the display... It looks just like a page from a book. Very easy on the eyes! I have about 300 pdf books on my Paperwhite. Also, pick up the paperwhite case, very nice to keep your device protected.	USB-C Charging Cable
If you are someone who enjoys reading for long periods of time, then you will really like the Kindle Paperwhite. The battery life is phenomenal, usually only requiring charging once every 7-10 days with daily reading. The text is very crisp and clear. The backlight is nice for reading in the dark, however you will note a little uneven lighting and a 'ghost' effect of text at times in the background. Overall, I would recommend this to anyone who reads for long periods of time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i love to use it, i read several books in my beautiful kindle	Lightning Charging Cable
Always read paperback books so I didn't know if I would like this but I do alot	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Have another ereader but wasn't able to read it outside. This is much easier to read outside. It has lived up to expectations.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The screen is great and doesn't strain your eyes at all, and page transitions are smooth. Easy to buy books from amazon (either on the device or a computer) and get them on the kindle instantly.	Wired Headphones
I initially bought the paperwhite for myself, but gave it to my husband. I had read about the voyager, and they said it wasn't necessarily worth updating from the paperwhite, but if you were buying your first, go for it. It's a bit thinner and lighter, supposedly has a bit better font (don't know about that).	Wired Headphones
My wife and I both love our Kindles, easy to use and easy on the eyes. Much better than reading on a normal tablet.	ThinkPad Laptop
Got this for my mom. She likes it. Thumbs up on this one.	Lightning Charging Cable
Kindle Paprrwjite is the best e-reader out there. Go for it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Both the Nook and Kindle are. Easy on the eyes but the Kindle is able to get books from many sources"""	Wired Headphones
Perfect for reading in all conditions with great battery life	Vareebadd Phone
We purchased two Paperwhite's and gave one to our daughter. So far so good.	Wired Headphones
We have iPads and a surface, but my wife wanted something to read on. This fit the ticket perfectly. We haven't had any problems with it in the first 90 days. Everything works great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle was a gift and they are very happy with it. Purchasing it was a simple process.	20in Monitor
If you travel, this is a great accessory to have and use. I like the light, compact size and screen resolution. Works great outdoors as well as indoors. Will hold many books.	Wired Headphones
edge could be wider to make it easier to hold. other then that a very good product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The screen is beautiful, great for daylight or night. Very soothing in eyes. Kindle has a huge collection of books. If you love books, you will love kindle	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for my daughter,she reads books on her cell phone,so i thought she would like something bigger, she also informed me that she can use it for her Master's degree classes cheaper way to order books that she needs.	iPhone
Kindle Paperwhite strikes a nice balance between features and price. Amazon offers the best store for eBooks period. If you are looking to bring your reading hobby to the 21st century, you cannot go wrong.	Wired Headphones
I can't live without the kindle paper white. It changed my reading habit. And the kindle getting better and better. Highly recommended.	ThinkPad Laptop
So glad I bought the Kindle Paperwhite. I like that it has a built in light, and I can manually adjust it to my liking.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I own tablets, have a surface pro 4, and have a smart phone. I have the kindle app on all these devices and it works great. This issue with them though is that they aren't always that convenient to carry around. Or, if they are, the battery will tend to die. The paperwhite fixes both of these issues. It's very light and feels great in your hands. The screen is amazing and I never have any kind of issues with being unable to see it due to sunlight, a dark room, etc. But probably most amazing of all is the battery life. It's been 2.5 weeks since I bought my kindle and fully charged it... I just now finally went a little below half battery life. I use mine to read books and graphic novels. Both look fantastic on the device.	iPhone
backlit screen is excellent for reading in bed. Paper white is excellent for reading in sun. Very compact. Super simple to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product! Easy on the eyes in the day or night.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle paper white is a great size and weight. I live in New York so while I'm on the train and can't sit down to read, this kindle offers convenience because you can comfortably hold it in one hand. I was against e-readers at first but after this purchase I definitely appreciate them.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Product does exactly what you would think. Works well for any and all type reading.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
ideal for reading books just like a hard cover book	Vareebadd Phone
The kindle is easy on the eyes to read. The light doesn't make the screen look like a computer screen which I was worried about. Simple and easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great and holds a charge forever. Looks as if I'm actually reading from paper.	USB-C Charging Cable
Loving my new Kindle. Debated long and hard over weather to get one and then which one. Great decision!	Wired Headphones
This is 3rd Amazon reader I bought, plus several Fire sticks and Fire TV. All those devices are making my life nicer and helping to enjoy it. The reader is just great - a lot of flexible settings, support of many electronic book formats, possibility to read even in dark - what else do you need?	Lightning Charging Cable
Greet tablet to red your favorite books wherever life takes you with this Amazon Kindle	Lightning Charging Cable
It is very light and easy to read. Nice backlight feature. Only issue we have had is we haven't been able to remove the ads that show up when you are not using your Kindle. They disappear when you are using it. I just don't like ads, especially when you pay for something.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Highly recommended. Comfortable to hold while reading	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great, light, simple to use, worth the money, battery lasts for long time	Google Phone
I didn't like that this model came with a USB cable but not a plug. Other than that, it met my expectations. Synching the new device with my existing Kindle account was easy. And my initial fear that the touchscreen would collect fingerprints and dirt hasn't been a problem so far.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome product for reason on the go! And great quality doesn't hurt my eyes and I can see it clearly day or night!	20in Monitor
This is a great Kindle - it is convenient for school and travel!	Lightning Charging Cable
I guess since I'm saying that this is perfect for reading 4 stars seems cheeky. It's just that since I'm used used using a tablet which is definitely faster but at least I can read anywhere and there is no glare from the sun and it's not too bright which helps with eyestrain.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have had a kindle for a long time. I chose to upgrade to the Paperwhite. I am very happy with my decision	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Holds a charge with regular use for well over a week. Backlighting is wonderful. Easy to hold and use with one hand. Nothing is better! Take that iPad	27in FHD Monitor
Love this device. No glare, lightweight, and portable. Make sure to get a case, the outside bezel tends to scratch rather easily.	iPhone
The screen is very pleasant to read with. Overall would recommend it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my Kindle Paperwhite. It was easy to set up and I have absolutely no complaints. I reviewed different e-readers and decided on the paperweight because I could read it outside with no issues. I have tested it in the bright sun light and had no problem with any glare. Even with the sun shining directly on it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very pleasing to eyes to read. Owned the previous paper white and this one has a better DPI (resolution). Got a great deal.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Amazon Kindle Paperwhite, the ultimate reading machine	USB-C Charging Cable
Very easy to use. Great for daylight reading. Get the. Optional cover for hand feel satisfaction	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the new kindle. The backlight is fantastic.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Paperwhite is user friendly, light and easy to hold. I would highly recommend this electronic reader to anyone.	27in FHD Monitor
Love it. I like being able to read when the lights are off.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good size with very good weight. You will love the gentle backlight if u read in a dark area. Best buy was one that had it as same price as Amazon. Just excellent!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
it's very easy and light to use and the back light is very similar to real paper, so it's my best friend anywhere especially in bed before falling a sleep	20in Monitor
Gave this as a gift to someone who didn't think they'd want one, with in a week they were in love with it. Easy setup to use with your library card.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
quick shipping great price..... great product..... all great... very happy with the kindle....	Flatscreen TV
I was previously using a first gen Nook e-reader. This is crisper, faster, and MUCH better battery life. Plus it goes on sale every once in awhile.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have the Kindle Paperwhite from 2013 and my fiance just got the 2015 version. It's great to see added features without a change in price!	Wired Headphones
Purchased this as a gift for outdoor reading in the sun etc. It works quite well and was proved reasonably.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Paperwhite is my second Kindle. The back lighting and the ease of operation are big enjoyments and differences from my last (old) Kindle. The smaller size took a little getting used to, but, now it seems very comfortable. Very easy to personalize as well.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle Paperwhite reader is great for reading in the dark. Its very light and easy to maneuver the pages. I haven't tried reading it outdoors yet but when summer time comes I'll be using it alot.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my third kindle. I love the built in light. My first was bitten by my sister's dog (leather case) and my second wore out. I also like that I can use the Kindle app on any device and pick up where I left off.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We love it have had no issues stays charged long...	27in FHD Monitor
I have had a previous kindle before and so I already knew what to expect getting. Text is clear and the back lighting makes it crisper depending on the lighting of the room you are reading in. In the dark if I put the backlight on it is possible to read but personally it hurts my eyes. So I bought a separate LED clip on book light. I use Amazon all the time so it's the company I prefer to buy ebooks from.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Received as a Christmas gift. Took a little time getting used to page refresh - just wasn't used to the delay. I love how light-weighted it is. Fits nicely in my handbag when I travel. The battery life is great too. I only charge it a few times a month.	Vareebadd Phone
Fantastic screen, super long battery life, touch screen navigation, e-ink clarity in all lighting conditions, and the vast Amazon content ecosystem. What's not to like? Nothing.	
Easy to use. Easy on the eyes. We actually own 2. We have owned older version Kindles and this is the best one so far.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I much prefer this over ""multi-purpose"" tablets. The screen is incredibly easy on the eyes. I can read it in bright light as well as in a dark room. It's easy to hold with one hand, plus the UI is very easy to navigate. I love the ability to highlight, make notes, and look up definitions.Did I mention that the charge lasts weeks? After reading one book (about 220 pages in print), I still had plenty of charge left."	iPhone
Easy to use, easy to read the screen, light weight.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading books.Screen easy to read with no glare.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I started with the original kindle- loved it but light was bright on the cover for night reading. Then got the fire as a gift and love that but reads more like on a tablet.. Broke down and bought the latest paperweight to read at night- great light to dim for night reading. Very light too!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The backlighting is great and it's much easier to read and turn the pages from the original Kindle. Highly recommended.	Google Phone
My eyes feel good with paperwhite when lights out.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I've been using kindles for many years and have tried every model out there. For my purposes, the Paperwhite is the best. I have a very wide range of interests in my reading and the ease that the Paperwhite offers in creating folders to make accessing books is truly remarkable. It is so easy to switch from alphabetizing by author, date of purchase, or title of book. My eyes give me trouble on some days so I really like how easy it is to change font size and background lighting, Since purchasing the Paperwhite, I have delegated my Fire almost exclusively to the role of playing games. Almost all of my reading is done on the Paperwhite. (this purchase was actually a second Paperwhite that I use as a secondary kindle which I keep next to my bed for easy access for nighttime reading. Even though the Paperwhite is so light, having one in each of the places where I read the most is very convenient.	iPhone
Bought this as a gift for my mom's birthday. She really enjoys it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this device more then I thought I would. It's slim and lightweight. Fits very nicely into my small purse. The resolution is great. I really like the built in light. I do miss the built in keyboard I had on my previous Kindle but I'm OK with that. It does not have the speaker either but I never used them to begin with. The key things for me were the price, resolution, font and built in light. This device met all my requirements. Additionally, I purchase all my electronics from Best Buy and have loved the service I have received each and every time. They have truly earned my continued loyalty.	ThinkPad Laptop
Whether you're a bookworm or a casual reader, the Kindle Paperwhite is a great way to read and discover new and interesting books. Admittedly, I only read infrequently since purchasing my Kindle. I absolutely love the size and abilities of the Kindle and have been reading 4-5 books per month since purchasing it. Highly recommended!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I am highly satisfied with the quality of this product. It has met every expectation for me and I would highly recommend to everyone. Better than holding a heavy book in your hand to read,.	20in Monitor
I love this Kindle. It's the best one yet. I've owned the original Kindle, Fire, and Fire HD. Until I bought the paper white, I preferred reading actual books over all E-Readers. E-Reader were just more convenient to deal with. No books to travel with and no need to find a place to store them. I'm now an advocate of the paper white because its just like reading a book.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect size, not to small or not to big. The built in light really helps. Great reader if just reading you are looking for.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for reading and relaxing on the eyes with no glare. Will not buy any paper back books anymore	USB-C Charging Cable
What I really like about the Kindle Paperwhite is being able to read in full sunlight/ambient light, and also the sole dedication to reading. I'm not tempted in the middle of a book to jump over to Twitter, Facebook, etc.	20in Monitor
My wife loves the fact that it feels like a book to her. From the weight of the reader to the brightness of the screen, it reminds her of reading a paper book. My wife is happy with the product so I gave it a 5.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this e reader for my son who loves it. After being on computers all day it is great to be able to relax and read on the flat paperwhite screen. Wi-Fi great so you can download book almost anywhere.Comfort of a real book with technology to assist with purchases. Best combination !	USB-C Charging Cable
Lightweight and compact e-reader that is suitable for any age who loves reading on the go.	Google Phone
There is only 1 e-reader that I like better. Kindle unlimited makes this e-reader great for avid readers.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a great device. Easy to use. Long battery life and nice functionality	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a great kindle for the price. Eyes don't get tired from reading it	ThinkPad Laptop
I love this thing. I had one of the original ones before I got this one and I love that one. So when I got this it blew me away. So many new functions still so reliable. And now I can read in the dark. Amazing.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love that I can read inside with the paper white. I replace my originalkindle with this.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my Kindle Paperwhite. Very easy on your eyes when reading, even in low light.	Lightning Charging Cable
Had been using a normal tablet to read for quite a while, but really do prefer e-ink to an LCD screen. Very light and small so makes it easy to travel with.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Is easy to use, great to look up words you don´t know as you go along.It´s also great that the light isn´t shone up into your eyes, it makes it so that they don´t get easily tired and they don´t hurt.	Wired Headphones
Really like it.took a while to get familiar with it,after using the Kindle keyboard unit.works beautifully and has lot of new features on it that I really like.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased for my 90 year old mother, She loves it .	Bose SoundSport Headphones
my new paperwhite kindle is easy to use , super light weight- a real joy.I have been reading on my iPad, but find the lighter weight, smaller size better. Thought the smaller screen might be hard to get used to - but not really a problem.	USB-C Charging Cable
Wife uses it every day and says she loves it. Very happy with the purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
its a very good product that I am glad I bought for reading	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my new Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite - Black. I would highly recommend it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Finally decided to upgrade from a Kindle 3 to the 2nd generation Kindle Paperwhite. Still hardly have to charge this thing and the back light is really nice for reading at night and is always the perfect brightness.	Wired Headphones
The best in the market as far as e-reader goes. The text is sharp with the new screen. The backlight are useful for reading at night without lights on. Integration with the Kindle store makes it very easy to instantly purchase and read the book.I have one small build quailty issue with the unit that I have. The left side of the Kindle creaks when I squeeze on it. Exchanged for a new unit but problem still persists (although not as bad).	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love, love, love this! Compact, convenient, great lighting, lightweight.	iPhone
The Kindle gets a lot of use in our house and we've not had a problem with the device after 30 days	20in Monitor
Bought this for my wife and she loves it! No problems reading on the beach.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm very happy with my Kindle. It is very practical to carry, easy to upload books into, and I love the screen. It is very easy on the eyes.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I've had a few different Kindles since they were introduced and this is my favorite model by far. I love the way they lit - makes it much easier to read in the dark and outside versus reading on a tablet or a phone. The kindle lasts for months or a few books on one charge and is such a great way to have my books always with me on the go.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife loves her new Kindle. She is using it all the time. She replaced her 1st gen kindle e-reader with this	iPhone
If you want a good e-reader Amazon has a number of options, but some of the newer ones are unexpectedly expensive. This one is great if you want to read any time but not break the bank.	Lightning Charging Cable
"very good ""bookreader"" long battery life and easy to download books and return to public library"	Lightning Charging Cable
I like the paperwhite as it was very easy to read while sitting on the beach in bright sunlight	USB-C Charging Cable
Love my Kindle Paperwhite. Love that you can read it outdoors.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The kindle paper white is Lightweight, easy to use, works great outside, love reading at night with the built in lighted screen too! Love how you can adjust the size of the print so easily too!	Flatscreen TV
We bought this for our daughter so she has tablet she can read on that lasts a long time on one charge and doesn't play video games.	LG Dryer
This reader is purely for the person that simply wants an e-book reader, and very little else.	Flatscreen TV
I love this thing. I am a bit of a bibliophile and obsolutely love books. This isn't to replace books, but it makes stories more accessible. It's easy to use. Has great better life. It's perfect.	27in FHD Monitor
Great features if you're looking for a reader and not a tablet.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I originally bought a regular tablet to read my Ebooks but my tablets battery drained to fast and is kind of cumbersome. On a whim I decided to give the paperwhite a go and I love it. It's glarefree the battery lasts for three weeks and I like being able to highlight a characters name in a novel and get background info on who it is.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the paperwhite. It's light and small and perfect to throw in my bag and take with me wherever I go.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love to read and I find by downloading books on my kindle is so easy. I love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Needless to say..Kindle Paperwhite is awesome product worth of millions as it holds invaluable books in 4GB space as well as in amazons cloud ... Its 6"" anti-glare touch-screen display with 300 ppi resolution gives you a real feel of reading... its night mode gives the flexibility to read books in dark... Battery backup lasts for days....perfect for book lovers.. give it a try.. all the best.."	Lightning Charging Cable
Love it. I am reading all the time now! And I never used to read so much.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Good for travel, easy to use and long battery power.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I was a previous Voyage owner for a year but then left it on a plane (don't forget to check the seat-back pocket before you leave!). I was debating whether to buy it again but all the reviews I saw online said it wasn't worth the $80 premium - they're right.First off, the resolution is the exact same 300 ppi on both models. The Voyage does have better contrast but it's something I stopped noticing after 24 hours. The backlighting on the Paperwhite also isn't as even, as I notice it's darker on the bottom but again, I stopped caring after a few uses. The weight difference is negligible and they both have incredibly long battery lives.About the only time I miss the Voyage is when it comes to the page turn buttons. On the Paperwhite, I have to touch the screen, so when I'm lying in bed, I'm forced to use two hands to avoid it from falling on my face. With the Voyage, I could just press the page ""button"" and keep my hands on the border. Again, far from a deal breaker and something I adjusted to quickly.Overall, the Voyage is the better Kindle but not worth the premium cost."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Enjoy the kindle. Just the right size and easy to handle	Bose SoundSport Headphones
this is the best e-reader, great quality, great price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my Mom. She is 83 yrs old. She wanted it to put the Bible on it. She loves it's!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Just love it. Would not leave home with out it. Recommend to any read aholic.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is wonderful, no more lugging books around and you always have something to read and you never have to worry about finding a book or it being backordered. Should have bought this years ago! Great for anybody that loves to read.	Google Phone
It does what I need it to do, slight flicker when going through things, but it's a good piece to have.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Paperwhite is great upgrade from my old reader. Easy to read, easy to carry (important cause I travel a lot). Definitely worth the price.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
An improvement upon the earlier versions, plus the newer, enhanced text. Makes for a great reading experience!	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this kindle on the way to the beach. I have an iPad but the glare is so bad. This has been great. I use it all the time outside.	20in Monitor
I bought this kindle so I could read in the sun without having any glare. Great purchase, can read anywhere I want to.	Wired Headphones
I bought this product based on reviews, and it fits the description as a near-perfect, reasonably-priced, all-purpose Kindle reader. The screen's front-lit display allows me to read under all lighting conditions, from bright sunlight to dark, without eyestrain.I bought the Paperwhite as a supplemental reader for my Samsung tablet so that I could read outside. After several months of use, I'm finding that I do all my reading on the Paperwhite.I read several hours a day and the battery lasts four or five days under that usage, which is a great change from my tablet, which needed a recharge daily, usually at an inconvenient time.I recommend buying the companion leather case because the case puts the Paperwhite to sleep with the cover is closed, extending battery life.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my third Kindle. I have gifted my older ones to parents and friends as I have upgraded. This model has a great, easy to read screen, and the ability to keep a library worth of books with me during travels is great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have owned several e-readers. This is the best one I have ever had! You won't regret when you get it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great gift, easy to set up and very user friendly.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this kindle! I like the fact that it has a great feature that the background is lit up. Had the originial and this one tops it.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my first e reader and I am enjoying it and its great battery life.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very useful for those who purchase many titles, who travel frequently, or who just are seeking to save money on buying books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I can't say enough good about this product. It has LED's so the screen is backlit, and yet the battery still lasts for weeks! I've had mine for over a month and I still haven't had to charge it. The capacitive touch screen is perfectly responsive and fast too. It makes no sense at all to pay so much more for the voyage or oasis, when the paperwhite is such a fantastic buy.	Wired Headphones
Love this reader. Small, light, easy to read in bright sunlight. Seems solid and durable.	Lightning Charging Cable
My first kindle was not paperwhite so I wasn't able to read at nights. But now I can read it whenever I want.	Lightning Charging Cable
With the backlight, I can read without turning the light. Also the paperwhite is really easy on the eye.	27in FHD Monitor
The Paperwhite was what I expected. It's easy to set up an account, and I can use it outdoors in the sun. Sadly, downloading library books is not as user friendly as I had hoped, but Amazon is in the business of selling books, not lending them.	Lightning Charging Cable
solid build and battery can last for a month! even with backlid is on	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"This is my first ""e-reader"" i couldnt be happier!!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The paper white kindle is much better than the original. Great for reading in any light! One of my better purchases!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I never thought I'd be an e-reader person, always preferred a paper book. I am dyslexic and decided to try out this Kindle at the recommendation of a friend. I LOVE IT! I've read more books since I bought it last month than I have in years! Reasons it is perfect for dyslexics: You can change the font size, line spacing, margins, and the actual font. The last reason is the best. Recently Amazon added the Open Dyslexic font to the font options and it's fabulous! The next best option I found is Helvetica. Another thing that I like about the Paperwhite is that it has a matte screen, not a LED one like most electronic devices. It eliminates eye strain and the ""blue light"" issues at night. I also love that our library has the ability to borrow e-books, which has helped me save money on the books."	Lightning Charging Cable
Must have if you like to read on a tablet. Easy to carry and read.	iPhone
I love my Kindle Paper White and the versatility of it. I can read it inside, at night in bed, or outside sitting in my swing with the sun shining brightly. It is very light and easy to hold. I also like the size of it and how it fits in my purse so I can take it with me wherever I go!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Must have if you like to read on a tablet. Easy on the eyes and battery last a long time!	27in FHD Monitor
This was a replacement for a well used Kindle - wife like it even better than her first and uses it a lot	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great device. Easy to use and great in sunlight. Easy to add to library.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my new Kindle Paperwhite. I can read with it inside or outside!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect for reading at night in the bed. Have saved $$$ by downloading books from library.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect size. Easy to read my favorite books on the go	20in Monitor
Awesome battery life and readability in bright sunlight. Screen size and weight is just right to hold it in one hand.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this new paperwhite after using the regular kindle for a long time. I am amazed by the light weight and the ease of use. The battery makes a huge difference as well. Love it!!!!	LG Dryer
Best E reader i have owned yet. Definitely worth the money	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought the kindle paperwhite for my aunt's birthday. She has difficulty reader paper books due to eye problems. Having the back light and ability to make the print larger really has helped her be able to enjoy reading again!!	27in FHD Monitor
I am in love with my Kindle. It has everything I was looking for and more. It is extremely easy to use and small enough to carry it with me in my bag.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love the Kindle Paperwhite. I have a Kindle reader without paperwhite and love it. A friend has the paperwhite and recommended it. I purchased it before a trip to the beach and love it. I could read my other Kindle in the sun but not in low light. The paperwhite is great in both situations. I would highly recommend this product.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works great. Easy to use and small enough for travel. The only complaint is my first one would not charge after 2 yrs of use.	iPhone
I have 2 my other paperwhite is a first generation and didn't hold up so well after the update. This one is great it's quick and brighter. I love the weight on it, doesn't seem flimsy. I got it for $80 will my discount, so it was a steal!! I love to read, I go through 4 to 5 books a week at the most!! I will be sure to put this thing through it, but I know it will be able to handle it!!Maybe next time I'll do the oasis!!	Lightning Charging Cable
"My previous generation Kindle Paperwhite got scratched a little on the screen, so I debated about picking up a new Kindle, but it was worth the $120. The 7th generation Paperwhite has twice the memory, runs a bit faster so it's noticeably quicker in response--making highlighting and annotating easier, and the uneven screen lighting problem (the older Kindle had ""shadow"" spots on the bottom edge of the screen) has been solved.My only complaint is that Amazon continues to put ads on the Kindle, which you have to pay $20 to get rid of. It's almost necessary because I use the Kindle to view books in church. Very inappropriate when the ad for a murder, crime, or romance novel pops up as a screensaver."	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Paperwhite works exactly as expected. I have no complaints.	Vareebadd Phone
Paperwhite is everything I had hoped for. Easy to use and perfect screen clarity, regardless of lighting conditions.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased my first Kindle in 2011 and was using it up until it was stolen in May. I recently purchased a new Kindle and I like it for reading on my porch.	27in FHD Monitor
I LOVE my Paperwhite Kindle. The convenience of this product speaks for itself. I can read and purchase books anywhere, anytime.When my husband bought me my first Kindle 9-10 years ago, I opened it up and wasn't too sure I was going to like it. Boy was I wrong! I will never go back to books. Best product ever, well worth the money.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This Paperwhite (back-lit) Kindle is wonderful. No more Itty-bitty book light needed! Just turn on and read, even at night. And there is no glow during the daylight. In addition, I took it to the beach and read it there..no glare unlike the iPad. I had one of the early Kindles, so maneurving around the menu is different but easy to learn and get use to.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this as a Mother's Day gift. My wife loves it, and really enjoys the night reading ability and says it doesn't cause any eye strain.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I use it for reading at night in my room, the light makes it great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a couple of their first renditions of the Kindle. This one has a better keyboard, screen and is faster.	Flatscreen TV
The PaperWhite is a great reader. Nice to read in the sun! Nice to read indoors. Very happy.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great for night reading. No bright light to hurt eyes.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like the paperwhite. It's a good size. Only drawback is the ads on the lockscreen! I can't see how to get rid of them. I like the old display of authors better.	Flatscreen TV
Good battery life, great screen (your eyes won't hurt after hours of reading), easy to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is so much better than trying to read on my phone. My eyes and head don't hurt from reading on the kindle like they would on my phone. Great product.	Wired Headphones
"I'm very happy with the Kindle Paperwhite (2015 model). I didn't like reading e-books on ""typical"" tablet screens, which are much better for movies and games. The screen on the Kindle Paperwhite, however, is built exclusively for reading, and in that regard, it really excels. Text is sharp and easy to read in any lighting condition, from darkness to bright sunlight. Additionally, the device is lightweight, easy to carry, and fairly durable."	Google Phone
Great way to kill time at the pool waiting for your tan to cook. Is easy to read in the brightest sun. Would like to have better search engine for new titles.	Wired Headphones
I wanted a Kindle with a light feature for reading in bed at night. Had I done my homework, I would have purchased a Kindle with more bells and whistles.	Wired Headphones
I enjoy the Kindle very much, as it is so convenient and easy to use. I like the white background, easy to see.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am very happy with the paperwhite. All I wanted to do was load books and magazines on this. Lighting is great, readability is great. Features are mostly easy to use. I'm very happy with it.	LG Dryer
"I had resisted a kindle for years and finally gave in for travel. Yes, I am one of ""those"" who love books! Surprisingly, I really like the paper white kindle. It is easy to read & works well in most lighting situations. There are two things that keep me from loving it. 1) I really wish it had the option of reading the book out loud. 2) I thought it would be a lot cheaper to get books for the kindle. It may be a little cheaper but not a lot. You would think that without the cost of paper, etc, that savings would be passed on to the customer. Since they don't, I tuck it away until I travel."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Works exactly as advertised. I love it! Great battery life as well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Kindle eReader Paperwhite. I finally had to charge it almost 4 weeks after I got it and first charged. I love how long the battery lasts. I have no problem seeing screen and reading when outside in the sun. Only thing I wish it also had was an option to listen to audio on it if I wanted to. The size of the Paperwhite is perfect and the weight is minimal.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Back lighting bothers my eyes so I like that you can turn it off	Apple Airpods Headphones
I gifted this product to my brother, he liked it a lot.Better Battery life and light to read in night is really useful.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great e-book reader, soft on the eyes with no glare. will not buy any more paperbacks.	Wired Headphones
The screen is very clear and it's fairly light. IMO, the interface on the Nook is a little better, but the Kindle ecosystem is much better.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves this Kindle. It is so easy to upload new books and doesn't hurt your eyes while reading.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is so easy to read on the Kindle. It works inside or outside. How did I ever make it without my Kindle?	Google Phone
"The size of the Kindle is handy for taking it with you wherever you want to go; is user-friendly and easy on the eyes."	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my wife, she is so happy with it. She spends hours reading her books. So much easier reading with the Paper White.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Third one I've had. Love reading on it. Can read in bright sun or dark. Other 2 lasted about 3 years. Only wish they lasted longer without freezing up. Can carry many books either from public library, kindle app, bookbub, or other sources. Free books abound.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Better than the Nook. I switched fro Glowlight Nook due the lack of previous features. The Nook did not improve, so I was forced to switch. I found in the kindle all I need plus more books from Amazon.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had one of the first Kindles that came out and really liked it. It was stolen so that gave me the opportunity to get the newest version, the Paperwhite. I really like this one more than the other one since now I do not have to keep a light on and still be able to read.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the resolution at night.. Very sharp and clear. A must have one	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for daily use no matter where you are. Huge fan of this product!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This ereader is very responsive. It's the best reading experience besides having a physical book. I would definitely recommend.	Wired Headphones
It's great the size is perfect to fit into almost any small purse And weight nothing	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this kindle paperwhite for my wife, she has a kindle and she likes to read at night, this paperwhite has a light so you can read anytime. She really loves it.	27in FHD Monitor
"This paperwhite has a sharp display (300 ppi) and adjustable brightness levels. It is extremely easy to hold when reading. Included in the box was the Paperwhite device, a USB cord, and quick start guide. No power adapter was supplied but I use the one for my cellphone and it works fine. One charge holds me for about 3-4 weeks.The ads are not as intrusive as I thought they would be however I am displeased with the quality of the ""special offers."" I have found better offers just by searching the web.Also you cannot listen to audible books on this device. It is reading only but that doesn't bother me.Overall this is an excellent device. Since purchasing this I have quadrupled the number of books that I read in a month's time. I highly recommend it to any avid reader."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am going on a 30 day cruise and didn't want to haul a lot of books. This is the perfect choice. The text is very clear. Highly recommend.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Kindle Paperwhite is a great device for reading in all lighting conditions. The battery life is amazing, lasts for weeks without charge. It also syncs easily to your Amazon account. Some cons about the device is that it is a bit on the slow side when your shopping around for books on the device and I wish it came with a headphone jack for whispersync.	Wired Headphones
It does what it is supposed to do. I wanted access to the internet to download books and didn't realize it would not do this feature. I would onIy recommend if a person only wants to read books from Amazon.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for my god son and he loves it! Wish I could have found a cover for it at BB as well, but was able to eventually get one.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I really like the kindle. It so much easier to care around to read.	iPhone
I bought this as a birthday gift for for my daughter. It's lightweight and thin so she can take it just about anywhere she goes. I'm glad I spent the extra for the backlit version, as she likes to read in bed before going to sleep.	ThinkPad Laptop
Purchased the Kindle Paperwhite, prior to an international trip. It was well worth the investment! I created my own book cover (black), since one was not available (orange ... I don't think so) from the store at the time of purchase.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Kindle paperwhites are amazing. They are so simple and non distracting. They are very pleasing to the eyes and not having to recharge it every night is great. Can't wait to take it on vacation and read in the sunshine without getting a headache from the reflection of my tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
We purchased 2 of these for our children. They find them easy to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
The experience of reading on this device is not the same, you should try. Quality is awesome and light adjustment as well.	Wired Headphones
Trying to read a book on my iPad is next to impossible. The Kindle Paperwhite is very easy to read outdoors, even in bright sunshine.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I wanted one for quite a while, caught it in Dale and I am very pleased with it. The battery lasts longer than my kindle touch from several years being able to adjust the back ground light makes reading enjoyable in low light. Glad I bought it	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is helpful if you read for more than 30 minutes. I have personally noticed that after 6hr reading, I have no headache or strain in my eyes.Also battery life is unlimited. Charge it once for a couple of hours and your are good to go for 2 weeks of extensive reading.	Wired Headphones
Works good, got it at the best price. The capability to read at night is totally worth the money	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Paperwhite does one thing and does it incredibly well. It's a great way to read books. The screen is wonderful in bright light and the backlight's great for reading in bed without disturbing your partner. If you're a reader, this is a no-brainer.	LG Washing Machine
This is the best ereader I've ever owned. Very responsive and lightweight.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It was everything we expected. It was smaller and brighter than our previous Kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I'm a big reader and love to read on the go! This makes it possible. It's light, and super portable and goes everywhere with me.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My kids and I decided to get this for my wife for mother's day. She absolutely loves it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had one of the older kindles but decided to buy this one because you can read in the dark. What a great decision!!! Recommend to anyone that enjoys reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
Only problem is when you go to the next page, it sometimes goes 10 pages at a time.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have for decades an advocate for hardback books. Over time my biggest concern now is space. The Kindle device is perfect for travel, long wait lines and for pure volume of collections. Unfortunately in todays fast paced electronic age there is not a lot of room for hardback books. Kindle has solved that problem.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my wife who just uses it for reading really. You can do other things like any other tablet. This is just really lite weight and easy to use. Plus its smaller than the ipads and other tablet that you'd have to carry around.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The screen is absolutely amazing on the eyes. I can read for long stretches of time without any eye strain and the battery lasts forever.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really like the Paperwhite, it made me want to read books on my Kindle again. Try it if you hate it, return it, but get your hands on this for a while, and I'm convinced you will keep it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this as a replacement for my mom's old Kindle which was several years old.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
If you like to read, this is an excellent choice. Battery life is weeks even with the backlight in use. Contrast is great both inside and in direct sunlight. Most municipal libraries have loads of free books in the kindle format so the device effectively pays for itself in short order.	Flatscreen TV
This was just the right size for travel and there is no glare. I especially like the dictionary feature.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I got the kindle so that I could read books outdoors. Tablet has a glare and can't see screen. This is perfect. Easy set up easy to sync.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This kindle is everything I wanted. No Glare, no bells and whistles, simply a device I can read a book on anywhere. I would highly recommend it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Received this as a gift and is very useful. Battery power stays for atleast a week. Does not strain my ryes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is actually my second Kindle, as I left on a trip and forgot mine at home, and I didn't want to be without it! The paper white, wihich can be used outside in the glaring sun, makes it a huge winner for me!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the ease of operation of this Kindle. Easy to read, easy to adjust, easy to obtain books quickly, Good place to store a library that you can take any place.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Works great even outside easy to learn how to download and settings	Wired Headphones
My wife and I like to go to the beach, and lay out by the pool during the spring and summer months. She reads it in direct sunlight with no glare! She also likes to read it at night before we get to sleep. She loves it and calls it her little piece of technology heaven. The Kindle paperwhite is small, lightweight, and lights up at night allowing reading without harsh light filling the room. Water resistance and long battery life are a plus as well. Two thumbs up!	20in Monitor
I love it. It is the fourth or fifth Kindle I have purchased....first paperwhite.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I enjoy reading my kindle. Easy to buy books. Long battery life	27in FHD Monitor
This product has been so thoroughly reviewed that I won't repeat the obvious in any detail. It's great for reading under all conditions -- sharp typefaces and, of course, illuminated. Two small issues: 1. in dim light conditions the light at the bottom of the screen is a bit uneven. There are slightly darker areas just above each of the four lights that illuminate the screen. This does not bother me and it isn't noticeable in a brightly lit environment. More annoying is the fact that the Search function doesn't work with some books: for those, searching brings up no results, no matter what I enter. I have the same books on my Kindle Keyboard and have to use that to find what I'm looking for. I haven't contacted Amazon about this, but it seems odd. On other books, it works as expected. One other thing to keep in mind if you have an older Kindle is that it will need to be recharged more frequently, given that it's illuminated. Overall, I like this reader as the display is excellent, it's easy to hold, and page-turn and other navigation features all work well. If it weren't for the problem with searching, I'd give it five stars.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is very easy to read, no glare at all, easy to get up and going.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Easy to view in all light levels. Easy interface and loading of books is fast.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Love the Kindle Paperwhite. So convenient to take everywhere. Especially to the beach!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
We were hesitant to buy an electronic reader, but started to accumulate so many books we ran out of space to store or give away.So happy to have the KINDLE and can share on iPad so often we are reading and discussing the same book! Love it!	iPhone
It was very easy to download and read the books in the tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
easy for my 88 year old mom to use. screen is clearly visible.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Awesome battery, does every thing I need it to. I love it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I don't consider myself a ""heavy"" reader (I read a couple books every few months), but I love my new Kindle. It's lighter than some of my books, which is great, but the best thing is that I can read at night in bed without disturbing my wife.The e-ink display allows you to also read outside in direct sunlight, perfect for the upcoming summer months. It's relaxing to just go out to a local park, sit under a tree, and read your new book.If I had to find a fault with this Kindle, it would be the ads. You're already paying a decent amount for an e-reader, then if you don't want ads on the lock screen, you have to pay Amazon more money. They don't really bother me, so it's not worth taking away a star. They might bug you though, so just keep that in the back of your mind before buying this that you will have to pay Amazon $20 to have them removed."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
able to read many more books and very nice to handle	Wired Headphones
It was everything I wanted and the salesman said it would be.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this electronic reader because I was tired of the glare I got from reading on my iPad in the sun. It's perfect! Very light and easy for travel, and the screen actually looks like the page of a book.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'm usually not a bookie kind of person. But reads occasionally. With paper white I got more chance and choice to read. So it helped me to improve my reading habit. A very good investment or gift for anyone of any age	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The night reading is perfect. This is a big improvement from the previous model.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The backlight feature was what I was looking for for reading in the dark. Highly recommended.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I usually read in bed and found this reader to be too heavy and bulky. I originally didn't want to pay the higher price for the Voyage but I exchanged this one for the Voyage and I am much happier with it.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's more for people that want to read without glare	Lightning Charging Cable
Loving it so far. Easy to use considering I'm not super tech savvy.	USB-C Charging Cable
For the longest time, I was using my phone to store a few books to read when I have the time. But it came to the point that my battery was suffering from this. What I love about the Paperwhite is the battery life, about 8 weeks. In addition to that, you can turn down the brightness to the point that it looks like an actual page, so its actually better for your eyes. I have about 300 books on my paperwhite so I am beyond satisfied. Definitely worth the $.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I've used one before and loved the size, weight and feel.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Paper white replaces my original Kindle. I really like the new screen because it is easy on my eyes. Great improvement to an already great product. May purchase one for my wife.	27in FHD Monitor
With summer getting closer, I know that I'm going to be reading outside more often, and my tablet won't be a great choice with sun glare on the screen. An iPad or Nexus 9 may be more powerful than this Kindle, but what good is all that performance if I can't see the screen outside?It's great being able to go sit down at a local park, enjoy the sunshine, listen to the birds, and read a book on the Kindle. The e-ink display is fantastic, and really does look like paper, even in direct sunlight.	USB-C Charging Cable
I own a a previous model of the kindle and like that. I thought it couldn't get any better. Them I found this its touch screen and it lights up. So you literally can read it anytime, in the light in the dark. I use it everyday.	Vareebadd Phone
This is an excellent choice for an e-reader. I purchased it specifically for a vacation in the sun. It did a great job, was easy to use and overall allowed me to easily read out in the bright sun. the backlit display at night was very nice and makes reading a breeze anytime without problem. I have an older nook book that is color. I chose the amazon version so that I could subscribe to the unlimited monthly reading program. in comparison between the 2 brands I do like the nook better for easy of moving between pages - I haven't figured that out quite yet on the kindle, but I'm sure it's quite easy. there's also no person that I can quickly drop into the store to ask a question on how to do something. if you are a person who likes being shown how to use a device. I know my mom who is 80 might have a little problem with some getting the screen at the top to pull down but 95% of the people most likely won't. Best thing I like and am glad I invested was the backlight.	Wired Headphones
Good reader to carry along for travels. I also bought a protective case from amazon which automatically shut down when closing the case. I only charged once during my 10 day travel.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Solid device that delivers on all advertised specifications. Easy to use both with Amazon and calibre	iPhone
Wife loves this Kindle as opposed to some of the others due to readability in bright light.	Lightning Charging Cable
Small lightweight reader, the paper white really does work, in any conditions	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love the size, the portability, the reading options, the organization options, the look of the pages, and the price. You can't go wrong with the Kindle PaparWhite!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I don't use it myself, but it's my wife's favorite kindle ever. She loves the backlight. Easy on the eyes, but easy in the dark.	iPhone
This is by far the best kindle to come out. Backlight is great!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This device has met my expectations. I read the other reviews and just had to give it a try. The display is easy on the eyes, noticeably more so than a regular tablet. It's lightweight and fits easily in my purse. No complaints here. :)	Wired Headphones
I love my Kindle Paperwhite! It's easy to hold and and can store hundreds of books. The battery life can last weeks without charging. It's a must buy!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Replaced older kindle with paper white. Light control Akers reading in dark areas better than non-paper white models.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
bought for mothers day.I got it because I saw it as one of the best books.She is so happy with the surprise	Flatscreen TV
I've not really been a reader in the past. I thought maybe I'd enjoy reading at the beach and so I tried my tablet. It blew. I couldn't see the screen. It had a glare. The Ereader has been great and I'm reading more than at the beach now. It works well. No issues. Wish it was waterproof/sandpfoof	USB-C Charging Cable
Device serves my intended purpose very well. Clear screen and easy maneuvering.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The higher DPI and built in backlight made this a fantastic upgrade from my previous Kindle Touch.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love my kindle! This is my 3rd kindle. I can't live without. I do wish it has audio capability.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It was a great present for my grandma. It is very easy to use.	Google Phone
lightweight and easy to read indoor or outdoors no light to full light.	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle is great for reading books. Which is exactly what it's designed for. Very crisp text in bright daylight or complete darkness. It feels good in your hands (weight is balance, it doesn't feel flimsy either). Quick page transitions when reading. Don't expect it to compete with tablets in the app or visuals departments, because that's not what it's meant to be used for. Gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the touch screen tends to be a little picky at times.	Flatscreen TV
This is our second Kindle. We got this one because it is significantly better for reading in the sun. Our old Kindle didn't work well outdoors. We are VERY pleased with this new one.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
this is another gift for a friend who enjoyed very much.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was impressed how clear the words on the screen are!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The product is very light, making it easy to read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave this to my son-in law. Perfect gift . He loves the paperwhite	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My wife wanted a backlight with her kindle, in addition to other features! Even if not on sale, this is a great buy for anyone who enjoys reading!	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle is great for reading in bright light, especially if you're on the beach. I recommend getting a case for it since it can scratch easily. Very lightweight and easy to carry. Price wasn't too bad either since it was on sale.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
exactly what we were looking for, backlit display is awesome for reading in bed.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like it. it's better to read books online even I owned iPhone, iPad,and itc.	Flatscreen TV
I already have one of these that I had bought for Christmas. I bought this one for my grandmother because she loves to read just as much, if not more, than I do! She LOVES it! And the user interface is super easy to use so she has no trouble at all working it! She tells me all the time its the best gift she has ever gotten! If you are thinking about buying one DO IT! Its worth every penny and more!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Kindle is easy to read. Really really like this kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect, simple device for reading ebooks. Does exactly what you'd expect it to do. Holds a charge for a really long time. Easy to use and set up. Light and convenient for reading on the go.	20in Monitor
i enjoy reading in many different situations... that is on an airplane ,at the airport the beach, pool ,at home or in the dentist office and almost everywhere else i happen to be. this product is easy to use,easy to read and easy to carry with me.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second Kindle Paper White, so I'm very familiar with this products.	Wired Headphones
Had a kindle fire before. Glad I switched. Easy to use and I love being able to read outside in the sun. Battery life is excellent!	Wired Headphones
"4th one; I lose things. Would not buy any other reader. Can read outdoors. Shuts off when I fall asleep reading. Saves page."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"My sales person was excellent. She knew the product and was able to answer all of my questions. I bought a kindle paperwhite. I had the geek squad to synk it to my laptop. ""I love those guys"""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
While I have used an ipad in the past, this is hands down a huge improvement in the ability to read books. The backlighting and type font are great and it is extremely easy to download books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's great. I read it every day. The text is clear and easy to read. The battery life is nice.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great battery life and read. I especially like its weight and how easy it is on the eye.	Wired Headphones
Bought his for the lady because she kept getting distracted when trying to read things on the iPad. Plus the lighting on the iPad is a bit harsh when reading at night. This was the perfect answer to both of those things.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Awesome ereader for anyone looking for convince of paperless books. The ability to adjust the backlight is awesome!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my third eReader in past 7 years . And Kindle paper white is my favorite . Enjoyable and clear reading no matter what the llight is even in bright beach sun or subdued night time reading . Touch screen page turning and menus are a delight . Access to Kindle store for book downloads and plenty of storage for many books are just some of the great features .	Wired Headphones
Light weight, charge lasts for upto a week and can read pretty much anytime of the day indoor or outdoor ... very happy to have this e-reader	USB-C Charging Cable
Small and light enough to put in a handbag to keep with you all the time	27in FHD Monitor
Purchased this for my wife so she can read in bed at night without disturbing me while I try to sleep. Because of its design, it is more like a book with adjustable lighting, fonts and shadings. She absolutely loves it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very convenient, easy to use, excellent quality. Love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
good low light readability, battery life is fantastic. It's all i could ask for at such a low cost	27in FHD Monitor
An acceptable e-reader.You will need to spend $20 to remove the ads	Lightning Charging Cable
Had an earlier version of the kindle but found the paperwhite was much better - the ability to adjust the brightness of screen is a great feature - would recommend this to all - Even if you have a kindle	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Even though I own both an iPad Pro and an iPad Mini, this is my preferred e-reading device. It's light and the battery lasts a good ten times longer than my iDevices.	Google Phone
bought this for my wife for mothers day to replace another tablet that was tough to use as a reader outdoors. Battery last a long time which is good on long road trips.	Wired Headphones
I love to read and this Kindle Paperwhite is great. And being a Bookbub member. I get free books automatically loaded to my Kindle. And borrowing books from the library is eady and trouble free.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought as a birthday present for my GF. She uses it daily, and loves it.Easy to use, and convenient for those who are afraid to go full touch screen(they prefer buttons).	iPhone
This is the best overall value among all Kindle readers. The built-in light feature is must-have.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my third Kindle, but first paper white. This is by far my favorite. I took it to the beach and could read perfectly in the glaring sunlight. I can also use it at night, when my husband is asleep and the room is dark. Lightwieght and easy to tuck away in my purse. LOVE IT!	Wired Headphones
Bought as a gift for my mother in law for her birthday	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the backllit design! I can now read ANYWHERE!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Finally I can read at the beach and it's super light!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We are very happy with this Kindle. Easy to use, user friendly. We like everything about it, it's exactly what we wanted.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my wife. She had an older 1st gen reader from another company and the differences are astounding. Setup was easy and getting content could not be easier.The unit is light. Really light. Compared to an iPad it is truly air (pun).It works well in any light condition so far.The navigation is a little squirrelly and takes getting used to and there can be a slight delay after a press so that can take getting used to.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Got this to replace my old 3G Kindle with Keyboard and it is great that I don't have to use a outside light to read after dark. Good job Amazon!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I'm very glad having this with me. In my country there are lots of books in Spanish that I'm not able to get. So this was perfect solution.It's incredible how similar to paper is. Battery super long!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love this product. It is exactly what I was hoping it would be.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this one for my wife for Mother's Day and she just loves it. I have had the same for a couple of years and always enjoyed it, and she was borrowing it all the time to read out in the backyard. Now I solved the problem by buying her one of her own. We're both happy.	Google Phone
I'm so glad I made this purchase. My Kindle is exactly what ive been looking for in an e-reader. Plus it's the perfect fit for my purse so I'm never without my favorite book.	Lightning Charging Cable
The device is easy to navigate, easy to download books.	Wired Headphones
It is as amazing as I expected. Reading with a kindle is just reading a book!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for reading on the Beach, works great. Plenty of books to choose from.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I replaced an older Kindle with a new paper white version. What a super improvement.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had previously owned one of the original Kindles, with paging buttons. It finally gave out, so I replaced it with this model. I like the ability to back-light if you want it, but it still reads beautifully in natural light just as a book. I recommend upgrading and removing ads as quick as you can.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is my first e-reader ever and it's AMAZING. the text is so crisp there is not a pixel to be seen. The device is fast, and I haven't seen any problems in my last 1-2 months of owning it. Battery life is decent - I use the backlight a lot so it doesn't last as long as it would without - but it's still great. I love how you can borrow ebooks from Overdrive and download them on your kindle, easy peasy. Kindle Unlimited offers a good selection of free books for a monthly fee, and there is a 30-day free trial. Overall an AMAZING e-reader. Skip the cheaper version without the backlight - you're gonna need it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect gadget for reading purpose. Reasonable price too.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This reader is perfect for my needs. It is light weight and very easy to hold. Books are easily downloaded and sync with my iPad and iPhone. I would recommend purchasing a cover.	USB-C Charging Cable
Had an old Kindle, and this one blows that one out of the water. Easy to read in low light and with lots of light. Kindle really stepped up their game and I'm glad I got a new one.	Lightning Charging Cable
The battery life had been incredible. Fits in my wife's hands comfortably. She can't wait to get her next book.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my wife to be able to read outside. She love it and uses it all the time over her first generation kindle fire. Does not glare when using outside	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this tablet for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it! He reads pdf's from work on this tablet and can easily study with it. He says it doesn't hurt his eyes and I couldn't have purchased a better gift for him. If you're thinking about it, go for it and get it! I got a pretty good deal on it, $100!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product for anyone who loves to read. I highly recommend it.	iPhone
Works great love it! Bought for a gift. They really like it.	27in FHD Monitor
It is great to read books on the go! Easy to use, and easy to add pdf's and other files you may want on there!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Perfect for my house. Its a space saver for me plus its various features just are value adds to my reading.	Lightning Charging Cable
Like the size and ease of use. Holds charge. Easy to download books. Easy to read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I read reviews on each Kindle device and chose the paperwhite. It fits easily in my purse. I only wanted it to read books and did not need a device for other functions.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am very happy with my purchase I can read books on the go I don't like having to carry a lot of luggage so the compact myth of this product makes it personal for traveling on planes and trains	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a wonderful device and I would recommend this to anyone.	Google Phone
I love this. This is the best e-reader I have owned. Even thought it has ads it is not a big deal because that can easily be fixed to get rid of the ads on it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It was purchased for me as a gift and I love it!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading at nightLight is perfect on the screen	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my brother as a gift for graduating from his masters program. He has been telling me non-stop how much he loves it! He said the battery lasts really long and he is having fun filling it up with books to read!	iPhone
Kindle is more fun than a spindle. Your reading time will never dwindle.	Wired Headphones
This is a great reader indoor or out no light to full light.In landscape mode it fits my small hands just great.Battery life is excellent also.I would recommend getting a soft cover to protect the book in transport.	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a gift for my girlfriend, she loves the paperwhite. Screen is great and the 300 PPI is very sharp. Highly suggested.	USB-C Charging Cable
My Kindle is great for reading books. It's less useful for use on reference material where I'm frequently moving from one part of the work to another.	ThinkPad Laptop
The paper white had excellent lighting regardless of the light in the room. Great long battery life as well.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got it for my husband to read at night in bed, he loves that it has a lit screen unlike the original model. However he can't read his textbooks from school so that is a big negative.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this to use outside by the pool. Perfect.	Lightning Charging Cable
To be clear, this is not a tablet. It's a reader... Just a reader. But it's a great reader. Very tactile.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great if all you want to do is read and not be distracted by internet.	20in Monitor
Perfect gift for my wife and I use it too! It's so easy on the eyes. It's like reading paper but the luxury of technology. Will be getting one for me soon!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Amazon added the OpenDyslexic font, which should be applauded. Recommend to buy.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for grandkids learning to read. Have found lots of kids books. They love them	Apple Airpods Headphones
I still like holding a book and reading, but for traveling, Dr. Appointments much easier than carry a big fat paperback. Have stopped using my tablet for reading, this is easier on the eyes. Books download in a second. I always have several books ready, so as soon as I finish one book I can start a new one, hard to do with a paperback.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves this device. She loves to read and doesn't like kindles because she loves the feel of the book in her hand. But, this product offers her unlimited reading at a very inexpensive cost. And, it travels anywhere, is light, and just fantastic for her.	ThinkPad Laptop
I travel with this device everywhere! I love having access to my entire library on a simple to use device. The paper white screen is easy on the eyes and battery power!	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought this reader for my mom for mother's day and she loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this item for a young lady who has since written to thank me and to say it is exactly what she wanted and needs. She is fully satisfied with it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I've sat on my back deck and in the bright sunshine on a beach and had no issues seeing the print. Never thought I'd like an e-reader, only a real paperback book. But, I must say, I am sold. Very lightweight.	iPhone
I had a previous model, one with buttons around the case, not the screen itself. The screen on the one I purchased is brighter, slightly clearer, and the touch screen is far easier to navigate. Well worth purchase price if you want to read without the bulk of a book. Different fonts and word spacing is great, something that will never be available on book. I gave the nook a try but did not like it, the back light was terrible.	Wired Headphones
I bought myself a Kindle at Best Buy and loved it so much that I decided to buy one for my daughter. Great place to buy any electronics. Staff is knowledgeable, helpful and pleasant. I buy all me electronics at Best Buy. They have good deals and price matching.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It works fine and is easy to use. I would recommend it.	LG Washing Machine
Happy with purchase, would recommend to other people	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a gift for someone skeptical to reading on a kindle, and they have really enjoyed it. Paperwhite makes it easy on the eyes and the opportunities for new reading material through Bookbub.com are a great match. Wasn't aware that it had the regular ads on the screensaver, but reluctantly paid the $20 to remove.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this Kindle for my teenage daughter and she absolutely loves it! She is able to read outside in the sunshine and at night in the dark. Very easy to navigate.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
great for simple use of only reading. and able to read in the sunshine.	Wired Headphones
My Amazon Kindle Paperwhite B00OQVZDJM, which features a 6 300 ppi Carta ePaper antiglare touch screen with optimized fonts. The built-in backlight makes it simple to read at night.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect for what I need. Quality product that I feel I can use for a while.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have one of the first kindles and had to use a attached light if I read at night. This paperwhite is perfect for that as well as the perfect size. I absolutely love it!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I've been a kindle app user for years. I am happy that I finally got the kindle paperwhite. Love it! Thanks Best Buy for price matching.	Lightning Charging Cable
Kindle works really well in sunlight, there is no glare. Very easy to use and navigate.	Lightning Charging Cable
Kindle is just like a real paper book. It also save my book spaces and easy to organize.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love this Kindle. Easy to read outside in the daylight. It is much lighter than my previous version. I just ordered a new case for it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second Kindle. It's small, easy to hold, and fits in my backpack when travelling. Now I can read in any kind of light.	Wired Headphones
Super easy to read in any light! So easy to download books!	27in FHD Monitor
I haven't had any trouble reading at the beach or the pool. It's easy to use and travels great!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great experience! Purchased online, pickup in store	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my wife and she loves it. She said the charge lasts 8 days and she is a heavy reader. The backlight is great would highly recommend this product.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Holds a lot of books and is readable in any light situation	ThinkPad Laptop
I love reading books this way. This is my 3rd Kindle. My first was the one with the keyboard, then I got a Kindle HD. I wanted to be able to read outdoors so I bought the Paperwhite. I love it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Never thought I could give up a real book! The lightweight easy reading on the beach does it! I'm a believer	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Paperwhite is still the best overall eReader. There is the Oasis and Voyage but they cost a lot more and are only slightly better.	Google Phone
Great e-reader as claimed and reviewed by others. Will buy again.	Wired Headphones
I had an older Kindle that worked great but finally died. My husband had a white page and seemed to love it. After purchasing mine I understand why. I highly recommend this to anyone who reads a lot.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Notbing beats it. I tried getting the app on my iPad and it works. But nothing like the reader itself. I bring it everywhere. It's light and I hardly notice it in my bag.	Vareebadd Phone
This is my second Kindle. I love the smaller size. Much easier to navigate than the first one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
2nd one I've bought as a gift, can't go wrong! Will probably end up buying another!	Flatscreen TV
Enjoy using the Kindle White paper. It is compact.	USB-C Charging Cable
I was using my iPad mini to read for a long time, but felt like getting a dedicated device for reading since I am a Prime member. I ended up buying a kindle with no back light... Don't fool yourself, LED lights and book lights do no where near the same job as the Paper white. I can hold the device in one hand for long periods of time and the light doesn't wear my eyes down like my iPad. Really love the Paper white, I'm catching up on a lot more reading.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Another classic from amazon. Would definitely recommend.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet is really good, very much user friendly.	27in FHD Monitor
This kindle is perfect to have nearby at all times. It's simplicity keeps the reader engaged in just the reading material, without any other distractions. The lighting is perfect- does not irritate my eyes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I already reviewed this once. But does doing this mean I get more reward points? Of course I spend $1400.00 there the other day, and still haven't seen any certificates from it, so not sure the points are worth anything anyway.	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent e-reader and great deal. Cover is perfect.	Flatscreen TV
I loved this product. Its stylish and easy to use. this is for my wife	USB-C Charging Cable
After reading several reviews, I purchased this as my first Kindle because it wasn't the lowest-level Kindle but I didn't need all the bells and whistles of the more expensive one. I purchased this specifically because of it's size and ability to read outside with no glare issues. The ads are not annoying enough to make me wish I paid more for the ad-free versions. It is a perfect price-point for reading outside and on the go.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good price for great product. Used reward points to help purchase. Very knowledgable sales person who could compare products	Wired Headphones
It's a good E-reader, and the service at Best Buy store was perfect.	Wired Headphones
Small, easy to read, great battery life. Lasts for days. Go buy this.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Love it for the ease of using it and for the books I can read on it. Great buy!	Wired Headphones
Like it better than the keyboard one. No need for a case with light the brightness adjusts which makes it nice.	27in FHD Monitor
"This product is similar to my old kindle; however, I wish the touch screen was more responsive or it had manual page buttons on the side. Overall it's great"	Lightning Charging Cable
Great to have - love the back lit and font changes. It's perfect for travel and reading in bed - so light weight.	Wired Headphones
easy to read has good read on it battery lasts able to load many more books	iPhone
Comments on Kindle Paperwhite1) Basic functioning of page forward & back - excellent2) Footnote action often led to loosing place. It was easy to accidentally press a footnote when doing normal forward or back. Pressing the top right “x” sometimes returned to text, but often was dead - requiring selecting “Go To Footnotes”. Picking the correct < footnote returned to correct position - but too easy to accidentally press a different footnote - send me off to wrong text position. While doing things right raises no problems - it is to easy to get in trouble. Enabling the “x” at all times would be safer.3) Occasionally a small print message such as “91 highlighters” would appear between the lines. Supposed to show where other kindle users highlighted text. Does not highlight any text.	Wired Headphones
Bought this as a gift and the giftee really loves it!	20in Monitor
"I love reading!!! I was first using my iPad mini as an ereader. Originally it was purchased to be used strictly as an ereader but I found over time it was causing eye strain. I couldn't read for more that 2 hours without my eyes starting to hurt. After a little research and watching tons of Youtube videos I purchased my Paperwhite. I absolutely enjoy my kindle. It's light weight (my iPad weighs a ton), it's easy to download and access books, you can read on tons of platforms. I have been using an app called ""Overdrive"" to check out ebooks from the library. Now I don't have to get in my card and drive to my local library. I can just browse from my home via my smart phone. If you enjoy reading and your thinking about getting a kindle please do! It's the best purchase I've made in a long time! I was limited when I was using my iPad mini. Now it's like a whole new world has open up since I've started using my kindle. I have read several books by Stephen King since owning my kindle. Normally it would take me months to finish a book. Now it takes me days!"	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I have really enjoy this new kindle. I have the older version and this was a great upgrade.It is very good on my eyes and it is also great for night/bed reading	Wired Headphones
I used to have a paperwhite-style Nook, but when it needed replacing, they no longer offered the device. Unfortunately, the newer Nook's screen would turn black and practically unreadable in the sunlight. So I got the Kindle. SOO happy! The screen is wonderfully readable, even in bright sunlight, and is capable of being back-lit for night-time reading as well. Best of both worlds ~ Especially since I seem to take reading material with me everywhere I go!	USB-C Charging Cable
With the advent of technology, picking up and reading a normal book feels cumbersome. This device perfectly replicates real-life ink whilst providing an unobtrusive backlight and enhancing the books with extra information, dictionaries, and wikis.	LG Washing Machine
Much smaller and lighter weight than my old kindle. Menus are easy to navigate and screens are easy to see. Battery seems to last a long time too. Love it!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Don't know what I'd do without my Kindle. I sleep with it and when I wake up in the middle of the night I don't have to turn any lights on.	Wired Headphones
This is a great product and for the cost, it exceeded my expectations! I would recommend this to anyone wanting to carry their book collection all in one device.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's light and it holds a lot of my books! I carry mine always in my purse.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
i bought this for my daughter who is 7 yrs old, she enjoys reading,	Apple Airpods Headphones
i was a little concerned how small it was, but the size is perfect. the back lighting is great for when it is darker plus it works well in sun light as well. the touch page turn is easy.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Good product. Love how light and sleek it is. Will recommend.	Google Phone
Got it for Christmas. Have used it almost everyday. Liked it so much got one for my dad.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good product, but if you have the old paperwhite, no need for upgrade in my opinion cause I noticed very little difference.	Google Phone
I found the Paper white Kindle so easy to get used to. I always preferred paper books and could never get used to reading on my iPad or iPad mini because of the weight of them. The Kindle is user friendly and light to hold. I love it!	ThinkPad Laptop
It's great, I can't imagine life without it. I love the built in dictionary!	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the kindle, it's great. I love that you don't have to carry a dictionary around, it's has one built in!	Lightning Charging Cable
"The Paperwhite is a decent enough product for someone wanting an eInk screen. I don't understand some of the lack of customization options, even on what seems to be simple things. Like why can't I see the TIME in the status bar? Why can't I customize the ""click zones"". Also, contrary to Amazon's claims, my PC app does NOT sync the documents that I emailed to the device (the Android App does, though). I also see their ads when the device is off and starts. If they gave me the ability to save those recommendations (as opposed to ""read now""), I might have checked a couple of them out by now. Still, for the money, it gets the job done and helps keep my eyes from getting as tired as they did when I just used my phone to read."	Apple Airpods Headphones
It took less than five minutes to set-up and start using my Kindle. Features are easy to use and it's holds a charge for an incredibly long time!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a gift for my wife and she absolutely loves it	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a gift for someone else, but I really enjoyed my own too.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is a great way to take a whole bunch of books on vacation without having to pack an extra bag for them. My wife and I put some on their for us too. And the reading surface is great, even in bright light.	USB-C Charging Cable
I never thought that I would need an e-reader since I have the samsung Note, but I am now would not read on the Note anymore. The paperwhite makes reading so much better, my eyes don't feel tired as quick with the paperwhite. Highly recommended!!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very good product overall. my wife loves it.......	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Was debating between an iPad or kindle for my other half and after the reviews I decided on the kindle since he likes to read. He loves it. The battery life is awesome.	Lightning Charging Cable
So easy to read & defines words you are not familiar with.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The paperwhite allows you to read in any light, from the beach to a quiet night at home.	Wired Headphones
Bought this for my son & he absolutely loves it!!!	Lightning Charging Cable
i love my kindle. i use to have a nook but my kindle is so much nicer and easier to get b ooks.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I upgraded to the paperwhite after my very old Kindle died. I like the paperwhite screen. I hate that the pop up adds and recommendations have absolutely no connection to my reading history. It's very different from earlier Kindles so I'm still learning features. I can't understand why the paperwhite costs 2-3 times what the Kindle Fire costs.	Wired Headphones
Simply put its exactly what I expected. I've had zero problems with it	Wired Headphones
I have been using a kindle for many years. I love the ability to have all the books I am reading on one device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second Paperwhite, great for reading outdoors.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this to replace a much earlier version. This is so much more readable I'm sorry I waited for my other to crash before I upgraded.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Right Price, Works, Great, Best Buy has a great selection	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for my grandchildren to keep up on the reading during the summer months It's so easy for the parents to actually monitor whether they do or do not do the reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought a kindle fire to read on as well as do other tasks but found that I really disliked reading on the fire. I decided to purchase the paperwhite and love it. In the month that I have owned it, I have already read several books. The screen is very comfortable on your eyes and lighting is never an issue. I highly recommend the paperwhite.	27in FHD Monitor
The Kindle PaperWhite is a great device. It's easy to use and the size is very convenient. When I take it on a trip, it's like having a whole library with me. Compared with the Kindle App on my cell phone, I find the KindlePaper White a lot easier to use and the size is better. It's easier to read and it feels like a book.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I put books on it and read them. That's pretty much it	Wired Headphones
Got this as a birthday gift for my wife..she loved it!	20in Monitor
This is a great reader for the constant traveler like my self	USB-C Charging Cable
After struggling to read books for the last several years, my husband suggested getting an e-reader. I never wanted one, because I previously enjoyed the feel of a real book in my hands. He was pretty convincing, so I went online and researched a few different ones. I settled on this one, after reading so many great reviews. I wanted the Voyage initially, just because it had page turn buttons, but I opted to save some money, and the page turning with the touch screen is incredible, I don't think I'd use the buttons, even if I had them. I am already halfway through my first book, and I've had this less than 24 hours. I'm a very slow reader, so this is impressive! I tried it in the sun, and it was extremely easy to read- no glare. I also used it while working out today- it's very easy to adjust the font to make it easier to read. I am so in love with this, and am so happy we bought it! I am excited to get back into reading, and to have thousands of books at my fingertips!	USB-C Charging Cable
Works well - I used to have Kindle and Nook on my tablet, but find having the Kindle separate so much better. Holds a charge a long time and easier to tuck in my purse and take with me.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this Kindle to replace an old Kindle and a lost Ipad that I was using to read my KIndle books on. T his Kindle with the back lit screen combines the best of both Ipad and kindle..back lit but no glare in the sun	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the Kindle paperwhite reader. I chose the Kindle Amazon Paperwhite because I can read in the sun. We live at the beach and I like to read outside. It is so easy to use. So many books to choose from. Very easy download. Has a lot of great features. It is light weight and easy to take anywhere. Great Product.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a replacement for a Kindle Paperwhite that was lost. I did find the old one after buying a new one and now everyone in the family wants it.	27in FHD Monitor
I never used to read books, until I got my kindle I have read over 10 books in a few months	Wired Headphones
I have one of the very early versions of the Kindle and the Kindle Paper-White is so much more compact. That makes it really great for travel. I also love the self-recharging capability.	Lightning Charging Cable
I had an older Kindle but always had to have a light to read at night. I love the Kindle Paper White...its fantastic!!	20in Monitor
My wife treated me for my birthday, and I love it! Would highly recommend. Took a little while to get used to buying books on Amazon though. Overall excellent.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am very happy with my purchase of the Kindle paper white. I wanted a device for reading at night that would allow me to turn the light off in the room. Works well is lightweight and really a joy to read on. Very limited and dissappointing selection of protective covers at Best Buy had to purchase elsewhere.	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife loves this product. I never thought she would ever let go of paperback. But the ease of use and convenience when travel make this perfect for her because she loves read when we go to the beach.	Lightning Charging Cable
It is super lightweight and has an adjustable backlight for easy reading in dim to dark areas, and its not hard on eyes. I love that there is no glare, so reading outside is always on my to do list. It is not only good for reading but finding books as well with GoodReads. It has media connections like Facebook to find what people you know are reading. Downloading books is quick and easy, I just wish I would have spent the extra money on the convenience of free 3G. It also has child functions to make sure your child is reading daily and appropriate books available for them using FreeTime. They can even earn rewards for how much they read. Overall very recommended for anyone.	ThinkPad Laptop
Not my first Kindle but my third of this model. Keep buying them for family!Really the best model out there for ease, weight, flexibility.Cannot recommend it enough.	USB-C Charging Cable
I own a Kindle Fire and an iPad and I have a hard time reading them on the beach due to the glare. This Kindle Reader is small enough to fit in your purse to take anywhere to read. Love it!	iPhone
I bought this because reading on my iPad started hurting my eyes. This is awesome. Love it!	USB-C Charging Cable
Love my paper white. Have an old Kindle and a Kindle Fire and now the Paper White.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this item as a gift and I've heard great things about the paper white Kindle. I'm thinking about getting one myself!	USB-C Charging Cable
I was looking at the Kindle and ended up buying the paperwhite for the backlighting which works great. The battery does last weeks as mentioned in the details. I wish I would have waited a few weeks to buy since they dropped the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great size, easy to use, long-lasting battery, great for the beach and pool side with the anti glare screen. Even able to read at night with the adjustable backlighting.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great product for someone who wants to switch from paper back books to electronic media. Great to read while outside or on the beach	Flatscreen TV
I've had one of these before, but I lost it in the divorce. I happily bought another one. They're so easy to carry around, and setup is trivial.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I upgraded from a Nook Glowlight which I had dropped and cracked (the shaft of light emanating through the tiny crack was beginning to burn into my retina, so I figured it was time to upgrade). I really like the ease of this device - purchases download to it directly, and if you have existing files, you can email them directly to the kindle and it will format them accordingly. The definition on the paperwhite is really nice, and the backlight is gentle on your eyes (crucial if you are a late night reader like me). I have the ""special offers"" version, and it is not intrusive at all, just appears on your lock screen. Battery has been great so far.If you are an Amazon Prime member, they even throw you a free ebook each month. And yes, I bought a protective cover for it this time!"	Apple Airpods Headphones
I was looking for a reader that was just a reader. I did not want a tablet. The Paperwhite is the perfect choice for me. It is very easy to use and has a clear reading surface. It is a great size and I can read outside, inside and in the dark. I read the reviews and then went to Best Buy to see it. It was everything the reviews said. Some said there is a gray area at the bottom of the screen but I did not find that. I highly recommend it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I recently received a kindle paper white as a gift from my wife. I love it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Really happy with this new Kindle and the fact that I can read at night and not have to use a reading light.Highly recommend	Lightning Charging Cable
No complaints. Works great, even in the bright sun and at night!	Wired Headphones
Love it! So much better than the model I had previously.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Battery life is excellent. I like the backlight and found the screen easy to read, although it isn't quite as much like paper as some of the other reviews I read make it seem.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for one of our employees. Works well and you can see the print well. Good point is that it's small and compact. Bad point is that it's small and compact. Easy to carry around, but more difficult to see words. Works great, though! Great price too!	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this e-reader! Only complaint is the swipe to turn pages, wish it was an on screen button.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my Kindle, I bring it everywhere with me. Great for the price.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this even though I have an iPad and an Android tablet. I wanted this so that I wouldn't be easily distracted with other apps. The only thing is that I wish I could inverse the colors for night time. Besides that it has a long battery life and is great for reading books.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
One of my major issues with e-book ls is using screens and the annoying glare. While the paper white still isn't a printed page it does a good job of getting close. With the backlight optional it retains the benefit of being able to read at night too. I love my iPad but prefer the Kindle Paperwhite for all my e-books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got it to store all my college books without checking to see if they would even be compatible. They weren't. It's my fault for not checking this. The three star rating is because you can buy a good tablet for less and use the kindle app. Which is what I did. I can now read my books and have a fully functional tablet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Compare to the my old Kindle this so much easier to read no matter where the place or the lighting.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have had a Kindle Fire for years, but find I can't read it very well in the bright sun. I bought my Kindle paper white for camping and it's perfect out in the direct sun, by the pool. It's also smaller and fits it the pocket of my pool bag easier. Now one stays home, and one stays in the camper.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My wife has an older paperwhite that still functions very well. We decided to get this one for my daughter because she's a book worm. It's worked great and she loves it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to read even in bright sunshine. Simple to set-up and use. Long battery life.	Wired Headphones
Definitely my favorite e-reader that I have ever owned.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchased the paperwhite so that I could read in the middle of the night without disturbing my husband. It works like a charm, and helps me to fall back asleep faster. The different light settings are fantastic. I really love the dictionary look up feature too.	USB-C Charging Cable
If all you want to do is read ebooks, then this is the device for you	Macbook Pro Laptop
love this newer kindle easier to read and brighter text	USB-C Charging Cable
Lightweight, easy to,use, great battery life. Have increased my reading substantially since getting it. Love the matte background, adjustable text size, and back lighting. So much better than trying to read on an iPad.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
lightweight, convinient, feels like book. Great at outdoor and night reader.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought it to use outside to read. My iPad and android are bad in the sun. This I can actually read in the sun!! Happy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this specifically to take to the beach and it was perfect!! Light weight & portable!!	27in FHD Monitor
The kindle is lightweight, no glare and worth reading a good book on. They have a good product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really enjoy this new kindle much brighter and easier to read	USB-C Charging Cable
It gets a lot of use since bought, my eyes will not hurt as much as using an ipad.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Paperwhite give me the freedom to read where ever I go. Whether in sunlight for darkness, it is easy to read, and with the plethora of titles available, there is never a dull moment.	27in FHD Monitor
Love the new light feature added. since 1st generation	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really love the back light on the paperwhite. I upgraded from an old kindle keyboard with a lighted case - and I love having the backlight built in. I considered the Voyage, to get the page press feature, but am very happy with the touch screen.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I've used a Kindle fire for years and love it but wanted something more light weight to use specifically for reading books. The Paperwhite is very light weight and it's easy to use. The touch screen is not always as responsive as I'd like it to be when on the home screen or managing your library, but once you've opened a book, it's easy on the eyes and page turning is very responsive. I'm glad I have this option for reading as it's much better than reading on the Fire. If you want a full tablet, get a Fire but it you just want to read, the Paperwhite is great.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my husband, he loves his kindle. It is very easy to read outside in direct sunlight. We have had others in the past and could not see outside in the sun. He brings this to the beach and it is perfect.	Flatscreen TV
Lightweight and handy to use. Nice one if you love reading and dont want to keep too many books in your bag :)	Flatscreen TV
"I bought this originally for my wife because she is always reading and was interested in a Kindle, though wasn't sure she could ever part with physical books. She loves it! Now with the Family Library option available we can all share our favorite books. I'm looking to buy one for myself and my teenage daughter this week, actually. Oh, and my wife has given up on physical books after this ;) She likes the backlight when reading in bed at night and the fact that it lasts for at least a week on a single charge."	USB-C Charging Cable
perfect christmas gift for my mother in law. easy to use and great for reading anywhere. she loves it	USB-C Charging Cable
Have been using this kindle paperwhite and it's a lot lot better from reading in tablets. Not eye stressing and really very handy. Nice product!	Lightning Charging Cable
It's comfortable to hold in my hands, the screen is pleasing to look at and doesn't cause eye strain, the backlight allows me to read at night without being blinded, graphics are crisp when I read a comic, and the long-lasting battery doesn't induce charge anxiety. Also, as a nice surprise, there are countless books, free to borrow via Kindle Unlimited, because I'm a Prime Student member.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This Kindle is so easy to use and the screen is very easy on the eyes!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
If you like reading books this will make an awesome companion on your next vacation. The backlight is great too. You can read in complete darkness even if someone else is sleeping in the same room. I bought this for my wife and she loves it. It was one of the rare good gift ideas I've come up with :)	Wired Headphones
I bought this to replace my failing Kindle 3 (Keyboard). I absolutely love it! The only con I have found is battery life with airplane mode off. It drains rather quickly with it off, turn airplane mode on and it's great!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the kindle. It is light weight and the back light is great. Easy to use and get book from the library or from Amazon.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my 2nd Kindle. I love the ability to read anywhere no matter the light, especially at night. I don't disturb anyone with a light if I am having trouble sleeping.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
You get to put all of your books right on this kindle and take it on the go with you. It's great just taking one item with lots of reading material on it instead of having to take all of your favorite books with you.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Lightweight, small size that travels easily. Great for reading. Email capable but rather clumsy. I bought because of the long battery life and not to drain phone & iPad as I travel. Great for this purpose!	Apple Airpods Headphones
awesome love how easy it is to read and use even when i amat the beach	Google Phone
I like that it is lightweight and it has the built in light.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 78 year old mother who had recently broken her wrist. She absolutely loves it! She is reading all the time. Light enough she can hold it with one hand.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is my second Kindle Paperwhite I have bought at Best Buy. I wouldn't be without it and take it everywhere I go. The first one just wore out as I had it for several years. I have noticed new additions from the previous one which really helps.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a great product, easy to use and so easy to carry anywhere !	iPhone
When looking at kindles, I was debating between the paperwhite and the regular kindle that was a bit cheaper. So happy I spent the extra money for the paperwhite. Having the backlit screen has been such a life savor and great feature. I loved it while camping and is also nice when reading in bed because you don't need to have a light on waking up the other person. I absolutely love this version and recommend it 100%!!!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great reading experience. All your books in one place. Compact. Excellent!!	Wired Headphones
This is a great product, that doesn't have a lot of distraction for kids. Great little reader for the price	Lightning Charging Cable
I cringed at laying down paper to pick-up technology. However, it was the best thing I ever did. I have been very pleased with this reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second Kindel. My first one was a Kindel fire. I liked it and I love to read so I thought I would give this one a try. I love this one more!!	Flatscreen TV
If you like to read and like to have more than one option then an e-reader is something to consider. I like the screen when reader as it is not glaring like a tablet or computer screen. The ability to adjust the font size is very beneficial for me. I also like being able to highlight words and get their definition. I am not a fan of all of the controls but once you get use to them the Kindle is very useful. I wish I could convert PDFs to the Kindle format a little better but that is not a fault of the device.	LG Dryer
Took me a few times to get used to it and now I love this Kindle!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Kindle Paperwhite is great for reading anywhere, even at the beach! You can also read it in bed with the lights out so you don't disturb anyone else. I absolutely love it! I have a Kindle Fire, an iPad, and a Samsung Galaxy 4 and the Kindle Paperwhite is far better than any of those for reading!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The Kindle Paperwhite is compact, yet big enough to feel book sized. The natural bridge screen is quite easy on your eyes and is visible in any light - quite an accomplishment! The battery charge lasts a long time so you don't feel in danger of the Paperwhite going dead on you. When I went to Guatemala, I was even able to find a browser that allowed me to get a message back home on my email using the Paperwhite! I got this one for my wife. If you like to read, I think you would enjoy this little gem.	Google Phone
Previously used Kindle app on phone and tablet to read kindle books. But the readability on the Kindle itself is much better. Less strain on eyes and more natural to read for extended time. Plus, the light weight and easy handle-ability is great!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I didn't find the e-reader easy to navigate and actually found it confusing. I have an older model and that one is easier to navigate. The new one was skipping pages sometimes also.	Wired Headphones
Still a great device even though it's a little older than the Voyage and Oasis. Perfect for reading at night and has great resolution. Love it!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Although I've always wished I read more, I never would find the time to get to it. Having the Kindle made it so practical to own and read books, especially at night time, now that I don't have to keep the lights on and bother my partner.A must-have for anyone, those who read regularly and those who are interested in reading more.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Hard to find any gripes for this device. Serves its purpose brilliantly. The backlight is excellent, and the built in dictionary is great.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Sure you can get this app on all devices but try reading those screens in the sun. This reader does the trick	Lightning Charging Cable
I love it. Long battery life, easy to use, perfect	Lightning Charging Cable
Old kindle broke. I love the improvements of the paperwhite. It is all touch screen. The old was not.	USB-C Charging Cable
Definitely easy to use, easy to download books, and navigate pages.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
You really can't go wrong here its exactly what you want out of an e reader and nothing more.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is all but perfection. It's a library in the hand. Inside or out. It reads equally as beautiful in either environment. I only penalize it for its lack of allowing books, bought outside Amazon ecosystem, to be included in FreeTime. FreeTime is advertised as for kids but I like the idea of knowing how much time I've spent reading and the other offerings of FreeTime.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's super easy to use and lightweight!! I love my new Kindle!	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a very simple unit to unit reading if not strenuous at all on the eyes	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I don't like reading too many physical books because it's a bit bothersome to lug around the heavy volumes. Having everything in this device is great since it's E-Ink and lit	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a great device is you are to read a lot of text.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love having books at my finger tips, 24/7. In addition to accessibility, my kindle white increases my vocabulary by offering word wise.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this product, particular the translation function that makes reading much smooth.	Wired Headphones
I love the Kindle Paperwhite. It is thin and light weight. It is easy on my eyes. Easy to throw in my purse when I'm heading out.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love this!!! Great screen, easy to read in different lighting, and long battery life! The Amazon website has far more reviews for books and books are sometimes cheaper. Highly recommend.	Wired Headphones
This is my second Kindle Paperwhite. My first Kindle died (I believe it was old age as cause of death) and the next day I went out and purchased a replacement. So easy to set up and there were all my books. The Paperwhite is so easy on your eyes and love that you can adjust the font to any size that's comfortable. Can be used with dim lighting or no lighting at all. Great for reading in bed.	Macbook Pro Laptop
A great device for readers that don't want clutter. Easy on the eyes with an adjustable back light and no glare whatsoever outside, even in direct sunlight.	USB-C Charging Cable
love the Kindle paperwhite. It is so light weight but best of all I can read outside. The light also allows reading at night and does not bother my spouse.Only problem I do not like the case I purchased online and no covers at best buy or target	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I absolutely love reading on the Kindle Paperwhite. It's great being able to sit outside and read and not worry about the glare. It's very lightweight and easy to hold in one hand.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this ereader because it stated you could get library booksvia USB cord (and Wifi if you are near one). I do not have Wifi andthe USB would not transfer. Tried everything, neighbor tried, readinstructions, viewed YouTube. But it wouldn't work. Took it back but it was beyond 15 days and they would only give me credit. I then upgraded to Wifi 3g and that better work for the extra money. Very disappointed as I felt I had no other choice.	Lightning Charging Cable
Replaced my original Kindle (which I used to death!).........new one is even better......great quality for the price!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very nice matte screen that's easy on the eyes. If you want a eBook reader this is the best one	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
If I would have known how wonderful this was to read with I wouldn't have purchased and Ipad. I love this to read whenever, wherever. If you're a reader this is the best ereader.	Wired Headphones
My Kindle is fast and clear. I can change the size of the font, making it easier to read.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I decided to get a Kindle because I was having issues reading on my backlit tablet. The screen lighting on the paper white doesn't have this issue. I also like the lack of distractions, I don't have e-mails or texts popping up while I'm trying to read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a lower end kindle for years. When that broke, I decide to buy the higher end one that is backlit. The back litghting is nice for reading at night. But the touch features are too jumpy--it jumps pages instead of just turning to the next one. It is cumbersome to buy through amazon and difficult to see the list of what you have. I don't know if I'd buy this one over the lowest end one again.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this for my 91 year old mother. She had a kindle, but there were too many buttons and she had difficulty using it. She still has difficulty using this kindle, but likes it much better. There is only one button to press.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an excellent value. This is easy to read, easy to use and performs like a champ. If you want an all around great reader but don't want to pay a high price, this is the one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Had put this off thinking my iPad would suffice but it was hard on my eyes. The Paperwhite is easy to download, much lighter to hold while reading, compact enough to carry in my purse when I have some downtime for reading, and emits a much kinder light for reading at night. Just what this book lover needed!	Wired Headphones
My wife loves this. the paperwhite is the way to go!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought myself a kindle earlier this summer and love it so much that I decided to get one for my ten year old. I thought she was spending too much time engaging in mindless activities on her phone and computer and thought this might be a good alternative. She has responded surprisingly well. One feature that I really like is the dictionary. If she comes across a word she doesn't know or can't read, she can tap on it, and the dictionary will pop up defining the word. This enables her to use her inference skills to decode the word or understand the meaning better. This has been a nice addition to her bedtime routine.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love my new kindle. I bought one earlier this summer for myself and just recently for my ten year old. One function that is awesome is its ability to work with the audible application. I can read on my kindle then audible will pick up where I left off, so I can continue with the read during my commute. My kindle will then propose to move my place to where I left off in audible. It has made my commute very purposeful because I am able to read literature for work a lot more efficiently. This may have been one of the smartest purchases I have ever made for professional development!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is perfect for reading in sunlight at the beach	Apple Airpods Headphones
Even with decreased vision, I can read this, and at night. The backlight is so helpful. Relatives who use this recommended it. Geek Squad were helpful in teaching me how to use it, since this is my first reader. Fits in my small purse and is so wonderful to have while waiting somewhere.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My Kindle is great! Easy to use, works great in the dark or sunlight.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My dear wife is a voracious reader and Paperwhite by Kindle is her reader of choice. She absolutely loves everything about it.We also recently became Prime members, and she is hoping there will be some great books to read at no additional charge!	Wired Headphones
I love this Kindle. It is a replacement for one which was almost 5 years old when the built-in light stopped working. I used it constantly, for hours every day, carried it in my purse all the time, and traveled with it. I will not be without a Kindle. Replacing it was a foregone conclusion but I still read the reviews, just in case. :)	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We bought this as a gift for my 85 year old mother-in-law. She enjoys reading, but needed to magnify the text in order to read easily. The Kindle is simple enough for her to use and she is enjoying it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Third Kinlde and my favorite as I can easily read in sunny conditions. Light weight, more compacy and battery life seems excellent.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Kindle e reader is a wonderful device. I like the inbuilt light. It does not hurt eyes and it does not have side effects (headache or hang over in the morning) if used in the night unlike tabs.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Well, it happened. I became a huge fan of e-books, preferring them over an actual, physical book! This old fashioned woman with a preference for all that is vintage NEVER EVER thought that would happen; then came the Kindle Paperwhite. I think I have read close to 10 books this past month because of the Paperwhite! I can make the font larger (which is great for my old eyes), and it is lit from the side, so it does not make my eyes tired like typical LCD screens, where the light shoots up at your eyes. Because of this, you can read easily in bright sun or in total darkness. Also, the battery lasts a very long time; I usually have to charge it only after reading a full book. And an added bonus is that you can't get any apps on the Paperwhite, which sounds like a negative, but that means there is no distraction/temptation to surf the web instead of read. When you open it up, you are committed to reading. It is sooooo much better than my Nook, which makes my eyes tired and is a distraction.It is among the best purchases I have ever made!"	Vareebadd Phone
It's a reader, wanted to get the cheeper one but you were out of stock. this one works well	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great to have my entire library with me and no I can read in bed with the backlight also.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought it for my son, who really loves to read. He is very happy with it. It has a nice design, screen is very comfortable to look at. And it's lightweight. Perfect for home use and travel.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"Got this for my daughter that is entering 6th grade. Not only is she reading more, but reading more complex books and expanding her vocabulary tremendously with the word ""look up"" feature. Screen is free of glare and looks much like a paper book as the name implies. Great for learning and recreational reading."	Apple Airpods Headphones
So pleased to have invested in this 4th Kindle....	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy to hold and read in the evening without hurting your eyes. Love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
great size, easy to carry to take everywhere , good battery life	Lightning Charging Cable
The best e-reader that I have ever used. I would recommend it!	USB-C Charging Cable
"The Paperwhite is an excellent product. It is very lightweight, easy to hold for long periods of time, and user-friendly (software wise). Be prepared to have a slower reaction time than a typical tablet (or Amazon Fire); this is because of the e-ink. However, I will take the trade off, as you are able to read e-ink in every environment (sunlight, dark rooms) without any eyestrain -- something that is not possible with a regular tablet. Screen response time is only slightly delayed because of this.If you have a Prime membership, you have access to all of Amazon's library, which has a large selection; however, most disappointingly, you can only rent one book per month unless you upgrade to Amazon's Kindle App, which is an additional $10/month. I find this to be mildly frustrating. However, you are able to rent books from your local library whenever you would like.Overall, I think the Paperwhite is a fabulous product for reading, with only a few drawbacks. I enjoy reading on it very much."	ThinkPad Laptop
My daughter gave me one of these as a gift. My wife liked it so much I replaced her Kindle touch with a Paperwhite. Nice step up from the regular Kindle touch. We both love the backlight.No more booklights while reading at night!	Wired Headphones
Really like reading a paper. My eyes feel good. I put many books inside and easy to read. Like it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Such a great reading tablet it has a back light perfect for reading in the dark	Lightning Charging Cable
I've had a couple different Kindles & have also tried to read books on my iPad & phone. LOVE the Kindle Paperwhite. You can read it outside in the sun, by the pool, on your deck etc... & the print is always clear & visible. The battery stays charged for several days & it's small size makes it easy to carry in your purse or tote bag!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
works very well, small but not too small, very lightweright and paperwhite is very very very readale	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am satisfied of this kindle upgrade mainly in resolution.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love it. Bought this one for my husband. He loves it as much as I love mine.	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm glad that I choose to buy it with discount! It's really good for killing your time	Bose SoundSport Headphones
was able to transfer all books over and like the size of the kindle	USB-C Charging Cable
I love that the directions are loaded on the Kindle, easy to bookmark information and are clear.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Gave it as a gift, but my father absolutely loves it. he had been using one of the old Kindle DX readers.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I take my paper white reader every where with me. It fit nicely in my purse. I read all the time, even in the car where the sun is shinning in on it. I just love my paper white and wish I had bought one sooner.	27in FHD Monitor
I bought it for my cousin and she loves it. Nice and simple.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"With my love of turning paper pages in a book and not being a techie, I held off rushing into buying one of the many tablet readers available. I spent quite a bit of time reading reviews and talking to others before making my decision, and I am so glad I did my research. What I like most about the Kindle Paperwhite: the adjustable screen lighting is spot on and easy on my eyes, whether I am reading in dim room light or bright sunshine outside; the ease of syncing it with my computer and wifi; the speed of downloading a book; the ability to adjust the font size; the ability to bookmark and pick up from where I stopped reading; and the size and weight which makes it very portable. I opted for an envelop-style sleeve for storage rather than a cover you might use for an iPad or similar tablet. It's easy to slip the reader out of the sleeve and begin reading. I am thrilled with this device and give it two thumbs up. For me, there is no substitution for the feel of real paper, but this reader comes close."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Long battery life, holds thousands of books so it saves space. Fits in most pocketbooks so you can take with you everywhere. Glad I purchased it. Easier to read than the regular kindle.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Excellent product and makes reading books very easy. Very light and allows you to have access to numerous books on the go. The E-paper display makes reading really enjoyable and does not suffer from glare and the harsh back light from the displays on phones and tablets	AA Batteries (4-pack)
You will not regret this purchase! The kindle holds a charge for more than a week, is super light weight, easy on the eyes, and allows you to define words with the point of a finger! It even adds defined words to a vocabulary list, so you can review them! ♡♡♡♡♡	Flatscreen TV
New to Kindle. Always read a book in paperback or hardcover.User friendly. Will never go back to reading books on hardcover orpaperback... Extremely happy with the purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had an older kindle, and some of the features were easier to understand. But I do like that I can keep track of the book pages, if I choose to use that feature in the paperwhite edition.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a fully functional tablet allowing you to read with comfort and in full sun. I thoroughly enjoy it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This has become a great option for me to read anywhere. The best part is I have the Kindle app on my phone and it keeps track on the pages between the two devices. I'm very happy with this purchase!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I previously had a Kindle Fire, which I liked, but this is much easier on the eyes for reading, and the battery lasts for days instead of hours. It's great.	Lightning Charging Cable
I already have an ipad but never felt like it was made for reading so I checked this at the store and love how it made me feel. Feeling like reading a real book but you also have some features as it's an e-reader. Enjoy carrying it in backpack/purse, light weight with perfect small size.	iPhone
it is cheaper when compared with other kindle models. But not as good as they are. But anyway, still a good choice if you do not have much budget.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was my first e-reader and I was blown away. Great battery life, great screen. It's definitely worth it if you like reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the latest kindle model and is just awesome. Highly recommended	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Yes, I use my Kindle to read books, but I especially like sending document Pdfs, such as my daily prayers, to my Kindle email account to be converted so I can view them on my Kindle. I also appreciate that it has built in lights and I can make the font larger - I don't need my eyeglasses! Perfect for my reading needs almost anywhere.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent product focusing on only plain e-readable material, with simple options to operate, no much fancy but worth a million in terms of product worthiness to keep a lot more documents with less memory and has basic internet connectivity option available. Happy experience with Paperwhite Kindle...	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I am looking at the oasis and voyage but thinking they will be expensive paper weight in 3-4 years because that is the average life of kindle, this is my #4; they get slow, froze and die after 3-4 years. Moving from first gen paperwhite to the newest version, here are the noticeable changes:1. speed- this version is snappy, the new UI takes a little time to get used to.2. the LED lighting is even, no more ghost at the bottom of the page.3. cloud storage, book can be opened from the cloud and just start reading.Just like any other kindle, set up is easy, downloading over 100 titles of book to the device is fast. I do average 12-20 books a year, with the kindle of course, no worries on where to store them. Although the form factor of the oasis and voyage is very tempting but that additional price can buy lots of books!One complaint that I have is the USB cable is too short!"	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Replaced my 10 year old Kindle Reader with this. Nice and light. much faster than my old one too.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
great experience using this e reader! never going back to books	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love using this. So easy to download and find books, so easy to store, the battery life is amazing. It's like reading a book without the hassle of the space, being able to look up words while reading it amazing. The only thing I wish is that I had gotten one sooner!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I'd been using my phone as my e-reader but have wanted to get a stand-alone reader for a while. The screen on this is amazing and the light is a great addition. If you're on the fence- go for it.	iPhone
This is an excellent product, and Bestbuy sold it with great condition.	Lightning Charging Cable
If you like reading, this is the thing to get, so much better than tablet for reading.	27in FHD Monitor
Excellent improvement over my first kindle which was the original. Love the backlight for reading at night.	Flatscreen TV
I love having a Kindle. There is no glare and your eyes are not tired after reading for a long time. My only thing is that Selecting and highlighting on the touch screen could be more smoother.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have an iPad that I read books on. Unfortunately it's horrible to read on the beach, park or anywhere outdoors in sunlight. The kindle paperwhite is perfect for that.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Wow, so impressed with this new kindle. Its replacing my 3rd generation kindle and its so much easier on my eyes. Also love the size, weight of the unit. Very pleased with this purchase.	Google Phone
I started with the original kindle and it worked great but required good lighting. The paperwhite is so much nicer as you can use anywhere and in any type of light. Perfect!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's okJust okHate the ads and the home screenNot as good as original	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Lost' my original Kindle...This was the replacement!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This is my first e-reader, and I generally like it. The lit screen is bigger, and makes it readable in a wide variety of lightnings. The text is crisp and easy to read. I'm very accustomed to using 8+ inch tablets, so a 6"" screen feels a little small, but it if sufficient when you are just reading, and not looking for new books."	Wired Headphones
Nice device. Wish it was a little bigger. Easy to use and read ebooks.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I bought this device because my Fire HDX wasn't adequate for reading in direct sunlight. For sunlight reading, I give the Paperwhite a 5. However... I cannot change the display time before the screen sleeps, the reading location jumps backward and forward a lot when I touch the screen (when I thought I was just going one page either way), the home screen is confusing and not user friendly (only 3 books visible on ""show specials"" model) and the battery only lasts one day if I read 5 or 6 hours. For those reasons, I give it a 3 for both design options and user friendliness. That's a 3.6. Averaged up and gave it 4 stars."	USB-C Charging Cable
So happy with this Kindle! It's very easy to use, lightweight so you can carry it in your bag like you would with a paper book, except here you have an entire library with you.It's easy to download books, you can set up a wish list, read several books at the same time and you never loose your page.The screen lights are fantastic when you read in the dark, and there's absolutely no glare when you read in the sun.The only drawback is that I thought I would be able to purchase books on any amazon site so that I could read books in French if they're not available on the U.S. site, and it turns out you can't. You can only purchase the ebooks from the country your Kindle is set up. That was a real disappointment, as I had read some reviews before buying it where they said you could...Overall, I absolutely love it and if you're a book worm like i am, than I would absolutely recommend it. I would actually recommend it to any one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The screen is easy to read even on the beach and I love being able to download a new book at any time	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Just what I needed. Works great inside or outside. Must have a cover to protect the screen.	Wired Headphones
Very pleased with the performance. Thought i would miss turning pages, but I don't. Some may prefer a larger screen. I would buy again.	Flatscreen TV
I bought this for my aunt. She reads all the time. As she got older she hated carrying multiple books with her everyday and when she traveled. This Kindle solved all those problems. She especially likes being able to read magazines, periodicals, and check out library books electronically. She loves this thing!!	iPhone
Best kindle ever!! Love that I can read at night without waking my husband. Buy one!	LG Dryer
I love this for the sheer fact that I don't have to carry around all of the different books I am reading. Those books can get heavy! The syncing between reading and listening on Audible has really improved since I tried using it with the original Kindle Fire tablet.	Lightning Charging Cable
I originally purchased this as a gift for my daughter and quickly decided that I needed one for myself as well.For the price, you can't find a better screen on an e-reader. And the compact size makes it easy to take along with you anywhere. If you are thinking about the cheaper one, it's definitely worth the upgrade.	Lightning Charging Cable
The kindle is amazing and I love everything about it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Overall pretty good picture. Picture settings are actually fairly accurate out of the box. HDR 4K picture is great when streaming from Amazon.	Lightning Charging Cable
Doesn't have the all the features of a tablet but if you want to read in the sun, the paper white is the best option.	Vareebadd Phone
This is my 3rd Kindle e-reader and it's the best yet. Text is clear and device is light. Considered the newer Voyage and Oasis but I believe this is a better deal. It was worth the upgrade from the prior Paperwhite.	USB-C Charging Cable
As strictly an ebook, probably can't be beat. The internal illumination really is critical for all-around use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
So far I have enjoyed my Kindle Paper White E reader.It is light weight, easy to read inside or outside.The battery life so far is fine.I had to order a case & charger directly from Amazon, could not find instore to fit	27in FHD Monitor
I bought the kindle at a very nice price and everything works well. I like it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Permanent offers of games are a nuisance. But the reading experience is very good.	Flatscreen TV
The paperwhite model has a very clear screen and backlight so I can be used in most lighting conditions. The manual is an ebook which not everyone will be fond of. My only complaint is that it includes a USB cable but does not include a charger in the box. Luckily I had a number of appropriate chargers that work well with the reader. Compared to the more expensive models, the Paperwhite had the functionality that I was looking for at a reasonable price.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this product a few months ago and have been very pleased. It is a very user friendly and does exactly what it is supposed to do. It has a great battery life as well.	Wired Headphones
Nice reader and my eyes feel better. I also can read at night.	Vareebadd Phone
The most benefit of the kindle is it just could read, hence, i often use it and put my phone away. the white one is so beautiful!	USB-C Charging Cable
"It should be easier.to print off highlights and have a choice not.to have every location and other stuff printing with every highlight.It should be easier to erase ""All"" highlights.Regular book numbers should correlate with location.Easier.to.forward.through chapters."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Didn't know how much I would like this but after trying to read on my tablet outside I decided to give this a shot. Love it, I can read in the sunlight or at night no problem, and the battery life is great	Lightning Charging Cable
This was my first Kindle, wonderful reading device.	ThinkPad Laptop
Easy to figure out how to use. I'm loving always having something to read without having books piled everywhere!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had an original Kindle DX and a Kindle keyboard. I decided to upgrade and get the Paperwhite and I'm glad I did. The light is great for reading where it isn't very bright. The e-ink is great for reading outdoors or anywhere. It's easier on the eyes than reading on my Ipad. I still read physical books too, but the Paperwhite is great for traveling and just tucking in my purse to take everywhere. I recommend it to anyone who likes to read.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"The Kindle Paper white is excellent for reading; however: 1. Product needs to be able to shut OFF! Very unhappy about this. Advertising says will hold charge for weeks - not so, when Kindle paperwhite cannot be shut down. It only holds a charge for a few days, if you read for a couple of hours each day. 2. I have books that I do not intend to read often and want them left in the cloud. I am finding it very close to impossible to return any of my books to the cloud - IT SHOULD BE EASIER!! Amazon made it easy to change Kindle's when I purchased a new one. All Kindle's should be user friendly. Sadly, this is not the case, with the Paperwhite."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoy reading on my paper white Kindle. It is easy to learn how to use it. It fits nicely in my purse and is light weight. There are many font choices and you can make the print large.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Upgraded from the old Kindle with the keyboard, and wish I would've done it sooner. Beautiful screen, nice and light, perfect in every way. The best way to read a book.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this kindle because my library has limited supply of large print books. Now I can control font size of print. Easy on my eyes with backlit screen. Convenient to carry in my bag. Long lasting battery. Happy reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
First time I've purchased this and found it excellent	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Kindle Paperwhite has almost made my tablet obsolete. I read a lot and I was reading most of the books on a tablet. It was difficult to read outdoors even with a very good tablet. The Paperwhite is so easy to read anywhere in the the brightest of sunlight. I could not possibly put a higher recommendation on this product.	iPhone
I purchased this device as a gift and I got a positive review from many sources. It is good for the eyes and does what it is intended for. Price could be little bit cheaper, other wise there is no complain amazon kindle has a lot of source for books	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am using my second kindle and this third one was a gift for my 83 year old mother in law, very user friendly	Apple Airpods Headphones
I really enjoy my kindle easy to download books and easy to read on the beach	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This Kindle Paperwhite makes it so easy to read ebooks in several different file formats. I use it every day and am very satisfied with this purchase.	iPhone
Love the product, specially the backlight feature.	iPhone
Pros: The E-Ink display is easy on the eyes, very sharp. Great battery life.Cons: Dependant on Amazon's Infrastructure to manage. Because of that limitation I give it 3 stars.	Lightning Charging Cable
More positives than negatives on this one. Battery is great, readability is great. The backlight makes low light reading super. The only thing that would make this even better would be water resistance.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my Kindle Paperwhite. It is very easy to operate and it holds plenty of books. It is easy to travel with. I would recommend it to everyone	Macbook Pro Laptop
This kindle is a great product and very useful. It was reasonably priced.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
the Kindle paperwhite is an amazing reader. the battery last for what seems like forever and the clarity of the screen is perfect. The product is also very thin and light, making it easy to take wherever.	USB-C Charging Cable
While most avid readers will say that you can't match the physical qualities of a book as part of the overall reading experience, this is pretty convenient. The soft glow of the screen doesn't assault your eyes after an extended reading session, and it fits nicely in the hands too.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am very satisfied with this new Kindle. I had gotten another brand, but had to return it because of problems getting books from a library. After talking to my library on how to download books with this Kindle, It was a breeze. The only thing about getting books from the library, Amazon will not let some library books be downloaded. All in all, I really like this product..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am glad that I bought the kindle paperwhite for my daughter. It is easy to use and is perfect for reading anywhere!!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was a gift to replace my first generation Kindle. It's smaller and lighter than the old Kindle (which is wonderful) although the screen appears to be the same size. I still much prefer the old-fashioned paper page but there's nothing better than a Kindle for the convenience of taking many reading choices on a trip.	Lightning Charging Cable
This kindle is the lightest one yet. Easy to operate and great to carry on planes.	20in Monitor
Very good reader! Bought on sale, excellent value!	USB-C Charging Cable
Not much new to be said. Beautiful screen, long battery life, great to own if you love to read.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The paperwhite was excellent at first but just yesterday (Feb. 22), less than 2 months since I purchased it, it froze and nothing I do will work. I am taking it back to Best Buy and hope they can fix it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought my new Kindle Paperwhite because it has the lighted background. Works perfectly!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is the third Kindle I have purchased (not counting a Kindle Fire). I love the paper white. It is so easy on older eyes and the adjustable font size and brightness make reading a Kindle easier than a book . The screen is crystal clear whether in bright sunlight or in the dark. It is light weight which (like with older eyes) makes it easier for older hands to hold. I download a lot of library e books and can carry unlimited reading materials with me in a compact package. I would recommend this product to anyone who reads.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Had my first kindle (the original) for many years when I lost it. Love my new Kindle PaperWhite. Can read in the dark.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It is so much easier reading books with this. The backlight is good as long as set really low. It froze once, but it recovered.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good reader for teenagers. Recommended by a friend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Our first Kindle finally gave up the ghost after many years of use. Love this new Paperwhite. The front lit screen is great as my old Kindle required a case with a light in order to read in the dark.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I never thought I'd like an e-reader. I'm kind of a dinosaur... I like real books... the feel.... the smell.... ah! But, alas, I travel a lot and I read even more. At my age lugging around a bunch of books in my carry-on was becoming less enjoyable. So, after my last journey I decided to try a Kindle.Well, I must say I'm not going back to paper! It downloads titles in seconds, holds a mini-library, and fits easily in my purse. I'm still on my first charge. The light in the display makes reading in low (or no) light possible. The screen prevents glare. And, the controls are easy enough for a techno-phobe such as myself. Fantastic!	LG Dryer
Have enjoyed using the touch screen to operate. The page light adjustment has been very useful, especially when reading in bed with my wife sleeping.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the most perfect e-reader. It is the perfect size. It also has flawless readability with adjustable back lighting. It's fluid and responsive and lightweight enough to be comfortable yet solid enough to feel sturdy and well made. The power consumption/battery life is also wonderful. It is perfect for readers. For those who do not read much, you will become a reader after buying one. This is concentrated non-distracting portable access to knowledge.	Flatscreen TV
It's cool but it's kind of slow. I don't feel it's worth $119. Maybe like 70	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The best way to read a lot of e-books from any kind to a great price!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
My wife was getting frustrated that she couldn't see the screen on her Nook Samsung Tab 4 when she would be on the beach or out in the sun, both places she wants to read. After comparing reviews of the Kindle and the Nook Glowlight Plus, she chose the Kindle and has been quite happy with the decision. She gets most of her books from our library with Overdrive and has had no problem with downloading them from Amazon. The Kindle is light and holds and feels like a book. She added a cover off Amazon so it turns on and off when it is opened/closed. She likes being able to read out on our deck or in the sunroom just as easily as she does inside.	Apple Airpods Headphones
product is good,,no complains better than the old one	Apple Airpods Headphones
This replaces my old Kindle and works just as well only it is easier to carry	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this Kindle Paperwhite because my existing Kobo Vox e-reader could not be read in the sun, which I get a lot of in Naples, FL. Excellent e-reader!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The resolution and contrast are good. It is comfortable to read books on this device. the price is ok. I would say it is a good reading device .	20in Monitor
I have been missing out on reading books. This kindle is perfect. My wonderful husband gave this to me for my birthday. What a wonderful surprise.	Google Phone
I bought this for travel so I can read as much as I can without bartering and carrying books. It's easy to read but the size doesn't work for me. I have to hold it with two hands. I was hoping I could hold it in one. In retrospect I would get the Amazon Fire instead.	USB-C Charging Cable
Absolutely love this device. Way better than kindle app on iPad or on droid phone.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My husband bought a Paperwhite for himself a few months ago but at the time I turned down his offer to buy one for me as well thinking I would continue to read on my tablet. However when we spent time reading and relaxing in the yard I became jealous that he could read his scree so easily while I struggled to see mine at all. In the end I caved and let him buy one for me as well and I love it. It's neat and small and light weight and easy to hold and the battery lasts more than a week.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This newer kindle reader is great. It's lightweight, easy to hold and the battery last long. I will definitely recommend it to friends. The white color is especially classy looking.	LG Washing Machine
"Easy to read,very sensitive to touch. Still can't figure out how to get a new book onto the device. The on/off button is tiny which presents a problem as l have long nails. Too technical for a ""book"""	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a fantastic product for music. Love it and would recommend it.	ThinkPad Laptop
This is my second paper white and I am very satisfied	Lightning Charging Cable
"This is my first e-reader, and I generally like it. I've been using it for a couple of months on weekends, and haven't yet needed to charge it since the first time after buying it.The lit screen is bigger, and makes it readable in a wide variety of lightnings. The text is crisp and easy to read. I'm very accustomed to using 8+ inch tablets, so a 6"" screen feels a little small, but it if sufficient when you are just reading, and not looking for new books."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easier than reading a book. I don't know why I didn't buy one years ago.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is not my first kindle. I wanted one I could read outdoors and it is exactly that. Small, but not too small, it fits easily into your hand and it easy to transport. I am satisfied.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this Kindle primarily for traveling and quickly fell in love with it. I love the appearance and weight.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good for reading!Price ($90) is good, e-ink is good for reading.	Apple Airpods Headphones
it was mainly purchased for reading in dark. it does not irritate eyes when used in night without light	Lightning Charging Cable
Wasn't sure about an e reader....this thing is great.....battery life is good..I'm getting about a week or more before charging with reading about an hr a day	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Loving the new paper white Kindle with its no glare screen. It really is like reading a real book. The font and variety of sizes is very helpful. Both my husband and I use it with no issues at all.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great device easy to use and easy to read especially in sunlight.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great kindle and my son loves it! It took a little effort to set it up but that's it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its a nice product to use, very light and a long battery life.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Paperwhite is a great e-reader. I did tons of research before getting one. For me, I was trying to choose between the regular Kindle and this one. The major difference there is the back-lighting. Holy cow, I simply cannot get across how much I've used the backlighting. I mean, I can't even imagine at this point NOT getting this one over the regular Kindle. I've even taken to reading before bedtime, in the dark, and then putting the Kindle down when I'm sleepy. Seriously, if you're trying to figure out which one to get, the Paperwhite is definitely the way to go, especially because of the adjustable back-lighting. Man alive, what a great purchase.	LG Dryer
Told myself I wouldn't buy another e-reader until it was water-proof. I got this for Christmas and have loved everyday since. It's lighter than carrying most books and it's non-glare and also back lit.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very good replacement for books. Small, lightweight, and easy to tote around with you. The paperwhite version has a sharper screen then the regular. Thank you Best Buy for a pleasant transaction.	27in FHD Monitor
This edition does not have backlighting which is a big deal!!! If you like reading in bed or indoors without needing to use external lighting, you should not get this version! Get one of the newer editions! If you only read in well lit areas, then go for this one! Kindle is fantastic and I love my white lightweight long lasting kindle with the option to use background light.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Able to download books and read most anywhere, best invention since sliced bread according to my wife	USB-C Charging Cable
This ereader is honestly the best that I could have bought for my first one. Now, I don't actually read often but wanted to buy something to help me read what I do have within my kindle account. I was stuck between getting this and the original kindle. Thankfully, I got this. Mostly because of the textured screen and backlighting. The backlight is what did it for me. I read reviews about the original kindle being hard to read in the dark, and that's when I would be reading the most. If I had seen how hard it really as to read, it would have gone back immediately.The weight is a little heavy for constant reading but nothing to really complain about. The battery life could supposedly last 8 weeks. But, apparently I am a bookworm. I have to charge it every other day with max settings.One thing I am thrilled the most about is the easy of accessing a dictionary or encyclopedia, the notes, and the highlighting. It tells you when others have highlighted other sections of a book I am reading as well. Im not sure if this is in general a feature of the kindle products, but it is extremely useful.Overall , I think this is a great ereader for beginners and bookworms.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great reader for the price. Good battery life. A little smaller than I expected but is well built.	ThinkPad Laptop
Best Buy was supposed to give me $20 for the purchase of the kindle and I was told that I would get an email. I never did. The Kindle does what it says however I prefer the buttons to turn the pages that were on the 1st & 2nd models. Also I prefer to have the name of the book listed rather than a picture of the cover of the book. The picture is too small and unclear which makes it difficult to see which book it is and you only get three on the first page. I prefer to see as much as possible at first glance. Also, I love the lighting that is adjustable and allows you to read in bed and does not disturb my night's rest. Overall, I really enjoy using it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I can only compare this to the previous Kindle and is far superior in all aspects but one, the battery. The battery is a lot less reliable and I do not mean by use, the other way. I was used to left my previous kindle several days without to later come back and use it with a decent amount of battery left. In this case I have found this more than once empty.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
light , love the backlight., able to change font size.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and great for downloading books from the library.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was exactly what I was looking for. It was easy to setup and to use. I found it even better than an actual book for reading. If someone is looking for a product just for reading a book this is the product to get. The only issue I had is it did not come with a recharging electrical outlet product so I had to use my computer to recharge until I got one. Now I can charge wherever without the need for a computer. If you want to just read a book this is the product to get. Can't go wrong just get the electrical outlet at the same time.	USB-C Charging Cable
I read a ton and this had made if much easier for me to have accessible books! The light is perfect for my when my boyfriend is sleeping and I can't put a book down!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I wanted to have something that I could use outside and not get a reflection or eyestrain from. I found the set-up a little clunky but overall I am very satisfied with the Paperwhite.	Lightning Charging Cable
The resolution is great and the battery life is amazing.	27in FHD Monitor
This is my first kindle. Reading a book always been a pleasure but now is awesome.	Wired Headphones
Fantastic display and easy to use, putting the device in rest most leaves an ad on screen which I don't care for. Nice long battery life	Google Phone
The Paperwhite provides backlighting so that it can be read in dark environments. It still has the same long battery life as the original. The software is pretty much the same. I gave up the Whispernet capability in upgrading, but haven't missed it much since I always have plenty of unread material already downloaded over Wi-fi.	Wired Headphones
I like the Kindle Paperwhite because the backlighting makes it easier to read than the first one.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This Kindle is great. I ended up returning it for the simple one, because the light didn't bring that much value for me.	USB-C Charging Cable
Replaced my old Kindle Fire with this White Paper. Wasn't sure if I would like it without the color screen and WiFi connection, however, with my Smartphone I really don't need those functions anymore.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this kindle paperwhite especially for reading on the beach and have tried it in bright sun and it is amazing	Lightning Charging Cable
Confortable...easy to use.Works great with any light.	20in Monitor
Love the battery life & it's light to hold. Love!!	Wired Headphones
love the battery life, the ability to read in sunlight	Flatscreen TV
This is just what this avid reader needed!! Now I can read everywhere.. even in bright sun light!	Wired Headphones
Consistent with all the reviews this is a great product. No downside if you are anywhere of the mindset to use this type of device. Have a IPad mini and phone with the Kindle app but this is so much better	Lightning Charging Cable
It is very convenient while working out, traveling and stuff. The mic is at the right location and it is good to answer calls as well. I have connected it to my iPhone and use it to listen to music and take calls. The best part is even if you don't want to plug it in your ears, you can leave it hanging around your neck!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle white is an excellent ereader which is lightweight. It allows you to hold with one hand with no problem. Additionally there is enough room on the sides to hold with two hands without making pages constantly turn.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my new Kindle Paperwhite! Love the lighted pages and the ability to change print sizes.	Flatscreen TV
I had an original version of these 5 years ago. I never used it then but have been reading more lately. I figured it was cheap enough lets give it a go- it has been amazing. I live in Hawaii so I bring it to the beach and read constantly. The back light it perfect for night reading. The only weird thing about this is that it saves all of your highlighted areas in one document, but it gives the full citation for each underlined part, which makes it extremely useful (if you read different books, but unnecessarily tedious. But either way, great feature.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kindle allows me to bring all my favorite read with me on the road. Great backlight feature and anti-glare are both nice features.	20in Monitor
Great for reading in low and bright light. Easy to download books	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to set up and useEasy to read even in sunlight No artificial light needed in the dark Very portable. Fits in purse	27in FHD Monitor
Have had this fine unit now for about six weeks having previously owned three other ereaders over the decade. So far it is exceptional from the others for the following reasons:1. battery life2. text clarity3. back lighting to read in limited light circumstances4. price - on sale for $1005. ease of highlighting and saving such highlights to a notes document6. light weightBelieve this reader is not able to withstand harsh handling and would recommend a sturdy cover ($8) and the care one might give something fragile as well as having importance to oneself.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very light weight reading device, touch screen is very responsive, not whole lot of lagging. You can adjust the backlights brightness with slide down from top. You can browse what you have on your kindle store or buy more books. Overall. Love it.!!	Lightning Charging Cable
This does everything I would ask of it. No complaints.	Wired Headphones
Really like my Kindle Paperwhite. Very nice feel, responsive, intuitive menus, and easy to read.	Wired Headphones
Very lightweight! Just as nice as the next one up that you can only buy online. Would recommend this to all my friends and family,	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent for any book lover PLUS it is great for outdoor use as well as.people who have a challenge with using an ipad type tablet due to the screen blink that can't be noticed due to the speed but is a killer for the eyes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my kindle sleek and easy to use! Love that I can control the brightness of the backlight	AA Batteries (4-pack)
New exactly what I wanted dot dot dot and I always buy from Best Buy when I get the opportunity	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I got this for my wife to replace her original kindle that finally died. She loves it and it even food in the same case.	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Paperwhite is awesome. It is much easier on your eyes than an iPad or even the Kindle Fire. I read more because it doesn't cause eye strain and I'm not distracted to look at emails or the internet. If you like to read magazines, books and newspapers this is the device to have. There is no better e-reader.	USB-C Charging Cable
This new paperwhite was purchased to replace an older 2nd Gen Kindle. This one is bright, easy to read and small.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great battery life. However it is slow to respond at times (finger sensitivity). Otherwise it's great for reading. Very useful.	ThinkPad Laptop
Love this Kindle. Worth the extra little bit to have the backlight. Very easy to use and worth every penny!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This replaced a paper white that was several years old and acting up. I love the paper whites because I can read them anytime anywhere.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I got this as a graduation gift for my husband because he loves reading. He absolutely loves it! He loves that it doesn't glare but that it also has a built in light for when it gets dark.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Was tired of using my iPad as my sole reader. Decided to go back to Kindle. This is by far the best Amazon has done in the Kindle arena yet. Simplistic, sleek & no more eye strain.	USB-C Charging Cable
kindle Paperwhite is easy to use, lightweight, and perfect for the avid reader. It easily allows you to take book(s) with you wherever you go since it's so small, thin, and light. The battery lasts for SO long, it's easy to find where you left off by using bookmark, definitions are a press away, easy to read in the dark (a book-light is not necessary!), and stores an enormous amount of books on one device.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my first eReader, and it does not disappoint. It's comfortable to hold and it's easy on the eyes for extended reading. The adjustable controls for lighting work great. The only negative for me is that the eBooks my library system uses are not compatible with it. If this is an issue check first.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for a friend. I have the 2013 version and I love it. Great gift for avid readers and those just looking for something light to hold. The Backlighting makes it wonderful for reading in the middle of the night. :)	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent product, fast shipping, for electronics bestbuy is number one.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and books transferred without issue nice screen	Macbook Pro Laptop
I have a Kindle Voyage and wanted another reader because I read a lot. I decided for the Paperwhite as it's just a tiny bit heavier than the Voyage but just as good. I highly recommended it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
An easy transition from my Nook! I only wish I could migrate my purchased books from Nook to my new Kindle.	Lightning Charging Cable
Have tried using an iPad and other devices for reading, I was worried this would not work for my needs. Light as a book, even lighter, I don't mind laying in bed or reclining on the couch to read anymore. Good for reading heavier books that would cause arm strain to hold while reading. Bright at night enough to read with the lights off but not bright enough to bother my wife who is sleeping	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased this Kindle to replace my original Kindle that is of the same format. I don't believe it was called Paperwhite, but its the one without the keyboard at the bottom. It has been a great Kindle, however, I've always been disappointed that it did not have a back light. Now that I have a back light, I have no idea how I managed before. Even reading before bed with the lamp next to the bed on, the back light makes a big difference. The extra resolution is nice, but not really a huge thing when you're talking about text on the screen. The battery life is definitely reduced when running the back light, however, not to the point where I have to charge every night. I'll still likely get several weeks of battery life before needing to recharge. Overall, if you're looking to upgrade, this is the Kindle to get. The back light is a huge upgrade for me. It helps reduce my eye strain which is important to me.	20in Monitor
I got this for my wife and she loves it. Screen is easy to read indoors and out.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's 2017 and I was wondering to myself if I should jump on board and get a Kindle paper white. Now and days, people can read ebooks from smartphones to tablets. The thing with me is it caused me eye strain after trying to read my kindle books through my iPad. After much researching and reading the reviews on here, the paper white has been the best purchase decision I've made in order to just sit back and read without causing eye strain. This is only for reading ebooks and is very simple to use. Battery life is amazing and only charge once every two weeks. If you are just looking for a plain ereader, then this gem is your best bet.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great gift for kids! Gave this to a family member and it was a huge hit. Cool new tech toy and educational at the same time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I would have preferred to purchase a 3G kindle, but this item was not in stock and I needed it in a hurry. This kindle does everything that I need although not as versatile as my old kindle.	Wired Headphones
Traveling in coach is horrible, so I was looking for a small light weight dedicated device that allowed me to focus on reading. This product is perfection. I've read several books on various iPhones, including my 7+ over the years, but they're nothing like the paper white display.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Have not had it long enough to give a proper review	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this to replace a Kindle Fire for my mother. She is losing her short-term memory and kept getting lost on the Fire. This is much easier for her to use. I have owned one myself for several years and I love its ease of use and the self-lit screen. The Paperwhite is a well made device and I recommend it to everyone.	ThinkPad Laptop
I tend to read at night before bed and the paperwhite allows me to do that without over simulating me, allowing my eyes to slowly tire and fall asleep.	27in FHD Monitor
I had trouble deciding between the regular kindle and the Paperwhite because I read at night. It was a great decision, because when I turn the light all the way down, I can't read at night. It's lightweight and sturdy. My only complaint is the speed of switching between books and the strange flicker with the page turn. It's not a show stopper, because it is so much better than trying to read on my iPad mini.	USB-C Charging Cable
More memory and better resolution than prior iterations. Much better for reading books versus a conventional tablet due to fewer distractions. Easier on the eyes.	Vareebadd Phone
This was the perfect gift to my wife when she felt she needs to start reading now	20in Monitor
The Version with the light is the way to go. A case is a must the screen can easily be scratched. over works as intended	Flatscreen TV
Good product with good features. Like the suggestion books in email.	Google Phone
I bought it almost a month ago and I've no complaints so far with it. It's a nice little ereader that does its job.	USB-C Charging Cable
I do like the kindle for reading at the beach and it is very portable.	27in FHD Monitor
Great product - Can see very clearly when reading in the dark or in the bright sunlight!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Light weight, easy to use and stays charged much longer than my previous one. Paper white is easier to read in low light too.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this Kindle, I should have purchased a long time ago!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is fun to read with the dictionary and footnote at your finger tip. The key benefits is the easy reading with the background light, would not drain your eye after hours of reading. Ordering books from Amazon is easy and cheaper than buying the hard copy. Love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
She Loves the white background. She is very Happy with it.	iPhone
Absolutely love my Kindle.. it is small enough to fit in a pocketbook or small bad. Love taking it with me to the pool or beach. the paper white make reading so much easier .. Highly recommend	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the battery life & back light makes it easy to read in any setting	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for our granddaughter to take on a spring break trip. She read the whole way. Wonderful.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is pretty bright and the battery for this device last pretty long.	Wired Headphones
Perfect for reading in sunny conditions, eliminates the storage need for books in the house	Wired Headphones
the kindle is awesome it holds so many books. I can check out books from the library while sitting on my couch. I take it with me everywhere when ever there is time I read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Paperwhite is a terrific e-reader. The text is clear, the backlighting easy on the highs, and if course has a huge selection of books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave to my wife as a gift and she loves it. She hasn't had any problems at all with it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
There are cheaper Kindles and (considerably) more expensive ones, but this model hits the sweet spot. It has sufficiently high resolution to make reading comfortable, a good backlight, and is comfortable in the hand.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent e-reader. Works well day or night. New built in web browser works.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My wife and I have been trying to decide between the Paperwhite and the new Nook for a while. After checking each out, the Paperwhite was definitely a clear winner. Amazon support + unique features = a newfound interest in reading!	Lightning Charging Cable
I researched different readers before deciding on the Kindle. I figured I may as well get something that will benefit from my Amazon Prime membership. I am soooo happy I did, I have done more reading since my purchase than I have done in over a year. Highly recommend!!!	Wired Headphones
Bought 2 for family. They love them. Good Birthday gifts!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
For reading only purposes, this Kindle Paperwhite fits the bill and is easy to carry everywhere and catch up on some reading. I'm glad I made this purchase would highly recommend.	Google Phone
I had to replace a kindle I've had for years and this one fit the bill. The back-lighting is a huge plus as I didn't have it before, still on the slow side but works perfect when reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is lightweight easy to use and easy to read. I would def recommend.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love my Kindle. If you're a bookaholic like me, there is no cheaper way to read. Once you've made your initial investment, there are literally hundreds of books available for free, or 99 cents and other low prices. Subscribe to a service that notifies you of these deals and you're all set.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I absolutely love this product and how they recommend it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Looks like a real book! It's amazing! It doesn't last weeks like it says maybe a little over a week but I don't mind charging my electronics. It's really nice especially if you have kindle unlimited! I would recommend for people who like to read on the go!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this for my son to use on his dream vacation and he loves it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Replaced first generation Kindle, love improvements!	Wired Headphones
Kindle paperwhite is a great asset for all kinds of readers at an affordable price! Lightweight and easy to throw in your purse, backpack, etc. no glare in the sun	USB-C Charging Cable
Nothing but the best way to read books. Love the way it looks and the fact that I can read anywhere!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good product! Pros: Great relieve for my eyes.Good battery life! Awesome experience for reading. Cons: The screen has no response two times.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I absolutely love this little device. I grabbed the audio adapter for it and use it constantly. It works well to say the least.	LG Washing Machine
This is my fourth Kindle and my second Paper white. Not much to say as it meets my expectations. I can read it in any lighting conditions, sunlight to dim indoor lighting. Battery life is great as in the past. If you had a Kindle in the past or present you know what I am talking about. Those that have not had one and are thinking about buying one just do it, you will not be disappointed. I suggest that you buy the cover for your Kindle. Best thing about the Kindle is that if you fall asleep while reading it you will go back to the last page you read before falling asleep.	27in FHD Monitor
The best gift I could have ever given to my girlfriend! She loves it and I can play video games!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This Kindle Paperwhite 7th gen. Is perfect. Along with it and using Calibre software I can do anything with it. Very impressed.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am studying for my MA and the amount of books that this decree is going to require will be increditable. This alleviates me from having to buy more book cases.	ThinkPad Laptop
Old Kindle first edition broke so I purchased this Kindle. Great product! New and improved. Super lightweight and love the background light.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Does all they claim. Am really enjoying my new Kindle.	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife uses & is quality product to use longer term.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Yes the kindle is pretty nice. The battery lasts a very long time and the letters are clear.	Lightning Charging Cable
My 84 year old father has no issues with it and is very intuitive.	Flatscreen TV
If you're using an older Kindle Paperwhite model (like I was), the higher resolution and additional font choices available in this model more than justify the upgrade cost.I'd recommend the white case if you can get it. It's a lot easier to find the microUSB port when you're trying to plug in a, charging cable.	20in Monitor
doesnot work After three weeks，I cannot open it. so sad	Bose SoundSport Headphones
satisfied with my purchase!needed upgrade from original kindle, wanted for outside use.small and compact.	ThinkPad Laptop
I have been enjoying my paperwhite. Like buying booKS and reading free books as an amazon prime membership benefit. I also bout a book that was in pdf format an I was able to read on paperwhite also	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love this kindle paperwhite. I can read it anywhere especially the beach.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
got the new e-reader for my wife to replace her orginall 1 from bestbuy they no longer make. she said that she likes it much better it has a light in it. misses the key board	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Smaller size. Easier to hold and put in my purse.love being able to read it at night and not keep others awake.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like than is compact I can carry on my purse, I don't need to worry for book mark and I can be reading 2 books a the same time,	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Hours of battery life and easy to work. Great gift	20in Monitor
The new kindle is a much better experience. It is lightweight, the back light and ink make reading easy. The internet connection is smooth and fast	Lightning Charging Cable
How to do - not easy to find. Needs quick cheat sheet to accompany the product. I didn't think I'd like the back light but I do. I don't have a computer so it's hard to go on line. I'm not sure if I like how the books are arranged, but I'm slowly learning how to navigate around them. I had one of the original Kindles so changes are sometimes hard for us older people.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great bargain for money. Easy to read in sunlight and while laying in bed.	27in FHD Monitor
bought one for myself and love it bought this for my 85yr old mom she loves it too	Wired Headphones
This is awesome for reading. Much better to read than my iPad Mini 2. The refresh from page to page, or when you set a bookmark, is more annoying than using the Kindle app on the iPad Mini. But for reading books it is easy on my eyes and it can't be beat. I read in bed before going to sleep and I can fall asleep easier after using my Kindle than the iPad.	USB-C Charging Cable
The doctor recommended that I not use harsh light products before going to sleep. I love to read books but my current tablet was extremely bright. The Kindle Paper White Tablet doesn't have the same glare and is easy on my eyes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is great for reading books. Works well in sunlight.	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm so happy with my Kindle! It's so easy to order books and it works great to read at the gym.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My eyes are unaffected by the paperwhite and it truly feels like reading a real book. Love ability to download a new one on the fly and to highlight and get it all sent to my email after! Very impressed	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Exactly what hubby wanted for reading. Likes it better than iPad for reading	Wired Headphones
Never had an Ereader before but I love this. Really helpful for reading assignments in graduate school.	Lightning Charging Cable
I brought this for my wife for Valentine's Day. She loves it. She can now read at night in bed with the lights out.	USB-C Charging Cable
It has a very nice screen to read ebook, and once it is charged, it can work several days.	Flatscreen TV
excellent product for an ereader, very user friendly	Macbook Pro Laptop
I put off getting an e-reader for a long time thinking to myself that one more gadget was not necessary. Now that I have the Paperwhite, it's going to be my constant companion. It's very user friendly. I am brushing up on my Swedish language, and I was able to download a Swedish English dictionary so I can now not only read my Swedish books, but I am also able to look up unfamiliar words with ease. The display is very easy on the eyes - no eye strain whatsoever. All in all, I'm extremely satisfied.	LG Washing Machine
This is my second kindle purchase. I absolutely love them. It's compact and easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was the perfect gift for my mom and she loves it so much. She reads like crazy and this does not hurt her eyes like other devices. Great product and recommended for anyone who reads at all!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very excellent product, I am very excited about using it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easier on the eyes than my Ipad. Purchasing at Best Buy was convenient with online order/pickup and they matched the Amazon price!	Wired Headphones
Just what you'd expect. Construction is solid. The interface is intuitive. Screen is very readable and the unit fits well in the hand and is comfortable to hold for a long time when you get hooked on a great read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Able to read more and longer than I thought. Light is bright enough, but too bright to bother someone nearby.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love how light and battery life. Awesome!!! Would recommend anyone to buy this device.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use, great traveling Device. makes purchasing new books incredibly easy	USB-C Charging Cable
This is an Awesome product. Would highly recommend.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have an iPad pro and I read in a kindle. The best reading experience and no distractions. Use it several times a day!	Wired Headphones
I like the kindle it is light and easy too sue battery life is good.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I can read it on the beach with bright Sun lite I love it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Replacing 6 year old Kindle, which had begun to malfunction. We were pleasantly surprised to discover the new edition,which is now lighted, cost the exact same price (on sale) that we paid 6 years ago.	Flatscreen TV
This is my 2nd kindle. I had a 2nd generation. The paper white screen clarity is excellent and it's very light.	Wired Headphones
I like the paperwhite read its smaller then my tablet can go anywhere with me and I enjoy reading books on it	27in FHD Monitor
So the only complaint I could see most people had was that the battery life was poor compared to previous/non-backlit versions. I will say that is true, however, with about an hour to 30 minutes of reading, I can go a few weeks between charges. I feel that is very reasonable.As with the Kindle e-readers, I have had very good luck with them. They are well built, devices and very easy on the eyes. The device has a good texture and does not feel like it will slip out of your hand while reading.Overall I'm very happy with my new Kindle. Its so much easier on the eyes! Worth every penny!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Needed a tablet that I could use at night before going to bed that wouldn't have bright light and this does the trick.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle is like carrying a library in your backpocket. It is fantastic. I carry it everywhere.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great product. Battery life is very good. Great for reading at night and works great in sun light. Sign up through Amazon and get books cheap or free.	Wired Headphones
This kindle paper white has a built in light and it helps a lot when you are reading especially at night.	Vareebadd Phone
Great for outdoors while seating in the sun reading	USB-C Charging Cable
"I was afraid that having an electronic book would take away from the feeling of ""unplugging."" However, this was not the case. This kindle really looks like a book page. It is much lighter than a book and i can take it anywhere. Love love love this product!"	USB-C Charging Cable
"expensive but good with integrated Illumination. has lot of amazon ads, and they asking to buy some new books that ""suitable"" for you! I had the old version with small keyboard and it was with 0 ads.."	ThinkPad Laptop
it is white, and it is much better than kindle 6, so paperwhite is a very good product.	27in FHD Monitor
The biggest reason to buy this item is the convenience and battery life. On those two items the kindle delivers. It is not as paper white as I would like. It does lag a bit but overall if you are a book lover this will be a good add on for trips and when you want to read outside.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was the perfect choice for travelling. It's very light and very clear, easy to read screen	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My old kindle finally bit the dust after about 5 years or so. Had to run out to get a new one right away. Was sad that it cost so much now. My old one was about 1/3 the cost. Worth it for how much I use it.	Wired Headphones
Nice product..Was difficult to figure out how to download books onto device. Could use better instructions. Once I figured it out it works really well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
the clarity is amazing on this reader and the adjustable lighting tops it all off nicely	USB-C Charging Cable
I wanted an e-reader that will read manga well and this did not disappoint!	USB-C Charging Cable
This product is great for regular use. I like it. It is good as a gift.	Wired Headphones
Kindle paperwhite reader is great. Easy way to buy books.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
For someone with extremely weak eyes, Kindle is a savior! I love reading, but reading books is stressful for my eyes, because of the font and not proper lighting all the time. With Kindle, I always have the back light and the I customize the font of each book, so it's much easier on my eyes!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this to replace old kindle that I had used for many years. The new kindle works great and is easy to read even in bright sunlight.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Battery life is awesome. Works great with the lights off and goes to sleep after a few minutes of non use	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product. Great value. Worth every penny. Ads do not interrupt reading or alter the experience significantly.	Wired Headphones
Good gift for my kid. Screen is a little small. Wish they have a bigger size	Wired Headphones
Amazon kindle works great! Already reading lots of books	Lightning Charging Cable
All the capabilities of Kindle and easy on the eyes!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"You will find detailed reviews of kindle paper white online. I will cover some other general observations,If you send a pdf to your kindle email , it will sync it to your kindle. But the fonts appear small when you open it in kindle paper white and the menu option did not allow me to change font size. You have to convert the pdf to be able to adjust font size.You will be able to convert your existing pdfs by sending a email with ""Convert"" in subject line and including the attachment and sending it to your kindle email (refer to amazon settings for finding out your kindle email). However it may lose the tables or other code diagrams from the original pdf so that is a pain (varies from pdf to pdf). Also if you are used to ios or android, the page turns are not the same like flipping. when you tap or perform a page flip,It will blink for a sec and refresh the page to move to next page. I found this a little annoying but it works. if you buy a book online then that might be a better option as it will let you read the formatted content correctly.Battery usage is fantastic.Another positive is that the inbuilt lights are not glaring in the dark so you will find reading to be a pleasant experience. They have settings to adjust brightness as well."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Kindle. I have dozens and dozens of books in the palm of my hand. The Paperwite screen is just like looking at a page on paper. No eye strain. Now, they just need to get the Paperwhite with color.By the way, when I received my device from the store, it was set up for the Russian language. But, I was able to fumble through the menus and change it to English.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my new paper white kindle. I have had it a little over a month now. I have had other kindles before, including the Kindle fire. But this new paper white one is the best I have had so far! I love the ability to read it outside, no matter how sunny it is. There is absolutely no glare.This kindle is super light-weight--I carry it in my purse all of the time.This kindle also has an amazing back-light so I can read when it is is dark out.Definitely worth 5 stars!!	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased a new Kindle only because I stepped on my original (which was the first generation Kindle) and broke it. I love my new one, particularly the lighting and size of the unit. Thank goodness I broke my first!	USB-C Charging Cable
My first kindle has been to about 20 different countries. I just loaded up with some great books and take off on a vacation. I used to load up with actual books and leave them behind as I finished them. I'm on my second Kindle and it's just so convenient to read in bed and easy to turn the pages. It also fits easily into my purse next to my cell phone so I can read any time I have a few minutes.	Lightning Charging Cable
I use this e-reader primarily for library books. The amazon interface for checking out library books is cumbersome. However, the final result is great. The device works great in both sunny and dark rooms, syncs well with my Kindle app on my iPad. Battery life is very good.	iPhone
Best purchases I've made when it comes to items for reading. Battery lasts for days and weeks. The lighting source is awesome and adjustable. I recommend this to everyone who wants to have a book on the go but not carry anything too heavy.	Wired Headphones
This was my first kindle. I did do some research and read many reviews on this one. I have been very satisfied with this purchase and would recommend the paperwhite to anyone looking for a reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
you are able adjust the brightness which is good:)	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It is very light and easy to handle. It fits the rack on my treadmill without blocking heart rate info. Took some getting used to but now I like the new home page which shows front cover of the book.	Flatscreen TV
Any one lower than this one is not worth it, and if you're a serious reader you will not put this down.	Lightning Charging Cable
It could be a couple of square inches bigger but its great. Ability to adjust background light is fantastic.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for reading in low light situations. It is also very easy to hold due to its size.	Flatscreen TV
It does more than my old one plus , is alot quicker than before and over all, the best of the best.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
As with all kindle items, you can't go wrong. Very pleased with the backlighting. Makes it easier to read in low lighting.	LG Washing Machine
For the price, this is a product that I would recommend to anyone who likes to read.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought the Kindle White for my wife. She loves being able to read a book, without having to use wifi.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's nice & cool but it responds extremely slow. Compared to modern tablets & phones kindle is just too slow. My expectation would be to make it faster even if I have to charge it often that would be ok, secondly there should be a Home button & back button on the body of kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
use for travel light in weight makes reading so easy	Lightning Charging Cable
Reads like a book instead of a tablet. Saves on book storage space and is always on hand. Looks good sitting on my nightstand. No clutter.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm an avid reader....I have 7 different Kindles including the Oasis and Voyage. The Paperwhite quickly became my favorite! The battery life is outstanding!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I've had Kindles before, but they always lacked something that made them practical. One didn't have touch, another didn't have a light, etc. I decided after years of not having one to give a kindle another chance. This one is perfect!! It's lite, it's relatively fast, the back light works great, it's easy to read, etc. I've read 5 times as many books on it than I had on all the other combined. Best purchase I've made in years.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect I love it glad I did my homework before purchasing best choice for a reader	Lightning Charging Cable
Okay, glad it holds alot of books, wish it had send & received email.	ThinkPad Laptop
Love this Kindle. It's a great value for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the size and features of the Kindle Paperwhite.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
There is absolutely nothing that I don't just love about my kindle. The built in light is a nice addition that my old kindle didn't have. I would highly recommend the kindle paper white .	20in Monitor
And this works perfect!! Kindle does not fail!! You will def. get your money worth with this e-reader	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Paperwhite is great for reading indoors, outdoors and at night. No glare and back light adjustment makes it awesome. Get one!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this device for reading. The backlight comes in super handy when in dark spaces. Battery life is great. I like it!	iPhone
This is the second Kindle that I have purchased. I love that it is so small and easy to carry around, and the back light is a great feature!	Lightning Charging Cable
The Paperwhite makes it possible to condense a lot of books in one small device, thereby saving your house from looking like a warehouse. You can pack a lot of books into your suitcase with a Paperwhite. If your device gets stolen, lost or trashed, you may lose a substantial portion (or all) of your personal library. The Paper white allows you to increase size of print Big Advantage. Use of hand gestures to turn page allows faster reading. It's awkward to hold, lying in bed. An attachable gripper would be helpful to hold and read at same time	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have been looking for an e-reader with backlight so that I could read under low light conditions. This Kindle has met my needs.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I won't leave home without it now! It allows me to take my library with me anywhere I go without having to lug dozens of books around. While I do enjoy the feel and smell of a good book, the kindle is an absolute delight to read from!	USB-C Charging Cable
Clarity is excellent. Easy breezy to use. Charges quickly and lasts a long time	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have been wanting one for a while now and happy I got one	Flatscreen TV
"Much better than my previous ereader; Highly satisfied."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the best kindle available. I recommend to al my friends.	USB-C Charging Cable
Had an older kindle and this new model is way better. The lighting is much improved.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I would opt for an iPad rather than the Kindle just because of the ease of researching books by authors etc. the only advantage of the Kindle is the attractive comparative price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use and meets all my expectations for why I bought it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading books and not having to lug around that weight	Lightning Charging Cable
I never thought I would go tech for reading but the kindle has been a great addition.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works as intended. Great inexpensive reader very convenient for reading at home or traveling when don't have the extra space for books. The kids & I both use it and I can separate our books so they're not mixed together.The only downside is the lack of color, but I knew this going in - it's not the fault of the product.We lose out a little bit by not being able to see the color illustrations and book covers. When getting my kids to read, the colorful covers is often what draws them in.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Have purchased one and found it amazing. I bought second one for my father who find it hilarious	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I am a hardcore HARDBACK book reader - it's always my preference. I always said I liked the ""feel & size"" of a ""real"" book over any electronic book reader. Boy was I wrong. I bought my Kindle on a whim while it was on sale, and I absolutely love it - I never imagined how much MORE I would read on the Kindle - I have gone through book after book after book, while a hardback still sits waiting on my nightstand to finish. It's a great size - throw it in my purse and read anywhere. The light is nice for darker reading situations. One of the best features in my opinion is borrowing books. You can borrow one book a month free through Amazon's Kindle Lending Library -- but you can borrow as many as your want from your local library (if it participates). That is where most of my reading has come from. I love the Kindle more than I ever imagined and recommend to any reader, especially those, like me, who swore on hardback ""real"" books!"	Lightning Charging Cable
nice and compact. user friendly, works well in low light	Wired Headphones
Easy to use, love that I can download a free book each month since I am an Amazon prime member. Very light. Perfect way to read at the beach.	Wired Headphones
i am very pleased with this purchase. Thank you BB	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great reader, light, good size, very easy on eyes, nice battery life. If primary use is as a reader, can't beat Paperwhite.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my second paperwhite and I love it. I already recommend the paperwhite to my friends.	iPhone
This is awesome. The updated features work well. Really fast an smooth. The light dimming is great the best feature on the new kindle.	Lightning Charging Cable
This kindle is by far the best, really enjoy the weight of it and ease on the eyes while reading	Lightning Charging Cable
This kindle is a huge step up from my original kindle. The backlights and touchscreen make navigation super easy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a lot of eye strain issues when trying to read off of my i-pad and I just couldn't get comfortable while reading a book in bed. This purchased changed everything. I am now going through 4-5 books a month and I am doing so cheaply.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I previously had a standard Kindle...the battery would no longer hold the charge. I wanted to replace it but be able to read in dim light. This feature is great. I chose the paperwhite because the screen did not glare like the Fire. It took some getting used to since it is all touch screen, but it has a few better features than the original. One complaint is that it sometime jumps further ahead than one page, so you need to pay attention when moving to the next page. I recommend it for someone who wants to use it for reading only.	Google Phone
I don't know why I waited so long to purchase one!! I like that I can check out books from the library, and don't have to worry about not getting them returned late.	27in FHD Monitor
Easy device for my in-laws who are not tech savvy.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had the original Kindle. It lasted a long time. Juts got this paperwhite kindle. It's really 100% better. Strongly recommend it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome little toy, back light eases up the use at night but also does not affect screen quality in sun light.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is honestly one of the best purchases I've ever made	27in FHD Monitor
I wanted a simple device strictly for books. I did not want pop up pictures or current events running across the bottom of the screen. This is the tool for me. I keep one at home and one in the car for wait times at appointments.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
finally I can read on the beach or outside! I can take many books with me when I travel without the weight and bulk of paperbacks I can also enlarge the font size so no readers are required!. Love this device. Wish they would do something like this for cell phones to read in the sunlight!	Google Phone
I've always been a fan of kindles but this one is the perfect size and weight to store in my bag. I'm very satisfied with this product #teamkindlepaperwhite.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought it as a present for my wife. She is very pleased with her reader.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this to replace one I broke. I chose this one because I love the color.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I've had other e-readers before and like this one the best because how easy it is to operate.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the third Kindle I have purchased ( two as gifts) and am very pleased with the purchase!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
No access to the Internet.........Won't recommend!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great e reader! Would recommend this over the other kindles.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The kindle is the best ebook reader. I love it and use it daily.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Love this kindle reader it is super easy to use and it has a long battery life!	iPhone
I just wanted to be able to just read a book. Really very happy.	USB-C Charging Cable
Salesperson did a good job recommending this item after we explained what we would use it for.	USB-C Charging Cable
this product is very convenient for reading electronic books. and the price is nice. all in all, a good product.	Flatscreen TV
No glare ever! Easy process of getting books! Reading is made super easy	27in FHD Monitor
Perfect for a beginner. Difficult to hold up while reading in bed as the back shell is very slick. Great value though.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love the size and the Light, to be able to read, anywhere, anytime!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have an iPad but for reading without having being bombarded with interruptions this is way better. I use it both in and outdoors and couldn't be happier!!!!	
Product is great and battery life is long. My kids and i enjoy using it to read long and short novels. It is a must get to have. Great to take with you to bed and read with low dim!	Flatscreen TV
Amazon makes such a good eReader that no other company even tries to make one. There are very few products in the world where that is true. The Paperwhite is worth the extra money for the lighting.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have yet to figure out what page of the book I am on. Don't really care what percent of a book is left or that I have 5 minutes left in a chapter. After using a Nook for many years this is cumbersome. Good news: way easier to get library books on this.	Wired Headphones
Great for reading anytime of day. Size is perfect.	Lightning Charging Cable
I still haven't been able to figures out my kindle, it seems like it has very cool features but learning slowly how to take take full advantage of it.	27in FHD Monitor
can't imagine being without a kindle now that I have had one. Sure beats carrying around books that don't easily fit into a purse!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This e reader is perfect! It is user friendly, holds a charge for couple days which is oerfect. The size is very compact I carry with me everywhere!	iPhone
A reader, but the processor is not fast, react slowly	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very good product. Working perfectly. Nice design!	27in FHD Monitor
The earlier models were so simple to use. No nonsense listing of books in it's library, by author or title. Now there are big pictures with tiny lettering and lots of ads.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very good and best for travel readings. I really like it and would like to refer with all	Flatscreen TV
This is my third paperwhite and sned it as a gift.	Apple Airpods Headphones
this Kindle is much faster and has significantly brighter screen than my first generation product. Wish I had purchased it sooner!	iPhone
This reader is very light and works great. Would buy again.	Wired Headphones
I only bought this because I wanted to give my friend one and she wasn't getting the new one, lol! I had heard there wasn't much difference between them so didn't plan to buy one before. They were wrong. It is SO much faster. Going into the store, browsing, turning pages and opening books. I used to get aggravated at the lag time and rarely bought books on it, used my phone to buy, because it was so annoyingly slow to respond. Speed was the first thing I noticed, the screen looks a bit clearer though I was happy with the old one's screen too. It's worth the upgrade.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It's an OK product. Nothing special. Not on the cutting edge of technology	Apple Airpods Headphones
Have been very satisfied so far. Had one issue (had the device for 20 days) And It would not cut on...I reset the device and it has worked so far.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Small, compact, great for the beach. Easy to read in the bright sunlight.Love it, you won't be disappointed.	Wired Headphones
I was amazinged that it was just what I wanted and didn't know it. You can read in the sun or dark. The screen has a special filter on it. It does a lot more then you realize. Love my son can look up words and highlight things for school. The library free borrow apps work too. You won't be disappointed. My 12 year old made me buy him his own :)	Google Phone
Needed a new kindle and this fit the bill. Enjoy reading on a kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I read the reviews online before purchasing and this product is for real Excellent.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kindle paperwhite is wonderful. I am able to read in the sun.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love reading on my Paperwhite! The battery lasts for weeks and it is light enough to carry in my purse when I don't want to carry my other Kindle devices.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Reader is lightweight, easy to hold and makes reading much easier--less of a burden with lengthy tomes.Reader is effortless to learn how to use and access other books within our library.	Vareebadd Phone
It's really great and I like the color but there is a crack on the screen protector. I don't know it's the shipment or I squeezed it.	Wired Headphones
Love the Kindle paperwhite. Super easy to use, light and easy to carry, no screen glare.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a great reader for the price. I love the light for reading in the dark.	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle paperwhite is exactly what I was looking for to read outdoors and the backlight is great to read at night	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love my paperwhite. It is so much easier to read.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This product works very well and the price is reasonable.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"This is a very compact Kindle; great for reading your favorite novels on the go!"	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my second Kindle paperwhite! I had mine for more than a year and I love it. My daughter borrowed it and really like the weight and the easy to read screen - not too bright and not to dull.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my friend and I also like its shutterfly coupon. It is wonderful.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Lightweight and easy to use or read, the Paperwhite is wonderful! I purchased as a raffle prize for work and plan to get more. I have 2 people that have complimented me on them. They love them! Great item. Would recommend.	iPhone
This is a must have for the kindle. Great quality & texture.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a vvery good device that serves its purpose extremely well and a at aprice thats afforadable and well worth it i would recomend it to friends and family	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This purchase replaced another Kindle Paperwhite that broke when dropped. Paperwhite is a great reader.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my third one. They get better each time. I love reading out doors without the glare making it hard to see	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This product was perfect for all my needs. It is very very easy to use. I would definitely recommend it	USB-C Charging Cable
Works Great. My 3rd Kindle. Only complaint...they break	27in FHD Monitor
I love this e-reader! It's even better as it has the background lighting so you can use it in dark areas	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the built in light and the screen makes it easy to read outside	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This paperwhite is great for reading anywhere ! Outside, at night ! It small lightweight and i just love it !	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this so that I could read in the bedroom without waking my infant, and without bright lights shining right in my eyes. I'm so glad I bought it! And the battery life is amazing!	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife is a book person, but she has really taken to the kindle.	USB-C Charging Cable
No glare anywhere--even on the beach! Also you can read in the dark with no problems.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
love my kindle the store was clean and well laid out.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my 84 year old mother who is an avid reader. So easy to use! She enjoys the lightweightness of the Kindle paperwhite and the non glare screen. She is able to adjust the font for enjoyable reading sized material and enjoys the LED's for reading at bedtime. Kindle paperwhite is definitely a gift that keeps giving and keeps mom smiling too!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My 2nd kindle so it meets my expectations better than my very old one.	ThinkPad Laptop
I love this thing! Awesome for outdoor reading! iPads can't compare. The biggest plus for me is that I'm not bombarded with messages or call and can stay focused on reading.	Flatscreen TV
Easy to configure, works as expected, easy to download books	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I have had a kindle for years. After my husbands was stolen we had to get another. The setup is easy, getting books couldn't be any easier, I even get free books through my library which download through Amazon. Would be lost without my Kindle.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Its a great reader. I use it at night instead of my phone and its much easier on the eyes. And the battery seems to last forever.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Overall I am very pleased with my paperwhite. Small and compact, fits in my purse, lightweight, and easy to read with the backlight.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Have not used it yet. Salesperson did not sell me the correct cord so I could set it up.	Wired Headphones
This device is small and compact and super light. The words really stand out and looks like a real book.	27in FHD Monitor
I'm so far loving this e-reader. Haven't used it outside yet, but the lighting seems really good. I'm taking it on vacation next week, it will be my lifesaver for long flights and waits. (I only wish it had a headphone jack and audio option)	Wired Headphones
I love my new Kindle. Light weight and easy to use. Would recommend to anyone.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love my PaperWhiite Kindle. It's so easy to read and I especially like the non-glare for outdoors and ease with adjusting font size. I find I'm reading more books this way. Only thing I don't like is how heavy it is.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a perfect tablet for reading brooks as it is possible to do so at night, during the day, even in direct sun light! A great ebook reader!	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Paperwhite itself is a very nice design and the size makes it portable and easy to hold. The fact that you will be purchasing books from Amazon makes it all the better. Many, many discounted books for 99 cents to 5 dollars. Well worth the price of the reader. Was just on the beach in direct sunlight and no problems whatsoever.	Flatscreen TV
Best product for reading.I am using since one and half years.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is what I wanted. Easy to use. Can read outdoors or indoors. Easy to add books that I purchase. I would recommend to anyone looking for a similar devise.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It is a must have item if you have limited space at home and you would want a collection of your own. It is light weight compare to the old kindle. The backlight feature of the paperwhite is perfect to read in the dark and able to share books with family members with a library share feature.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very convenient, no glare, you can view pdfs, and it does not weigh to much.	27in FHD Monitor
"I love to read but books were beginning to take over my space! This little ""baby"" is so small and holds a lot of books. Not only that, I can upload a new book any time I want to without leaving my house!"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was well received. A wonderful upgrade from a first gen Kindle.	Google Phone
I upgraded from an older, no-backlight Kindle and this one is much more comfortable to read. Overall a great value. The battery charge lasts forever and you can load it with enough to read for years.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a good tool for reading without losing your bookmark!	Product
Good overall.............................yep..good	USB-C Charging Cable
"I've had every Kindle e-reader available. Though it doesn't have all the features available on the Voyage, the Paperwhite is the best. The issue I've had are the emergence of tiny light ""leaks"" emerging from the source through the matte textured page background. They're little pinhole-sized, bright light scattered across the page. It usually begins with just one, or two, and becomes several over time. It's distracting to reading. In a conventional book, it would be like having a small speck of dirt on the page. If these little things don't bother you, then it's not an issue. The Paperwhite models don't seem to have this problem as often as the Voyage does. I went through 3 Voyage models before surrendering and returning to the Paperwhite. The Paperwhite has fewer total lights, so it's not as evenly lit as the Voyage, however, it's nothing significant."	27in FHD Monitor
Absolutely love it. So lightweight and convenient to take on the go!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great e-reader, has a built in back light for reading in low light and in the dark.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my kindle paperwhite. My first one lasted years and I immediately went and bought a new one and that one no longer worked It's great for night reading with the back light	27in FHD Monitor
I haven't purchased a dedicated reader before, but bought this for a cruise where I knew it would be too sunny for an iPad, and this was easy to load up with books for my kids and I and it looked great in the bright sun while wearing sunglasses. Happy with the purchase.	Macbook Pro Laptop
"I've read three books in less than a month! Before, I had a problem with getting tired while reading and my eyes hurt from the book light I had to use; but with the back light on the paper white I can adjust it perfectly to my liking! I love it!"	Wired Headphones
I absolutely LOVE my kindle paper white. I read a ton of books and love having all of them with me at all times	Macbook Pro Laptop
Just as advertised. Bought for my mom who has poor eyesight. She loves it. Thank you.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
exactly as I expected. Backlight is great and easy to use	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Small and light weight. Even in a leather case. I was concerned about the small screen but was not a problem after using it for a while.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good product for beginners, has basic features necessary	Flatscreen TV
Very easy to read and the backlight adds to it and does not hurt the battery time much.	Google Phone
If you've had a kindle you know it's more like reading a book page. Some will prefer it enough to have this device. My elderly mother uses the version of this that connects to cell towers and is able to download her own books from her subscription service. She had trouble removing them once she hits the download limit. I have this version. If you have wifi, I think this is the best option if you have the money. I don't see much purpose in the upgrade and I don't know who wants a bigger bezel. The touch works fine. My only complaint is there is no speaker and at this price it should. I had to buy an adapter to have books read to me. The text to speech is very good and realistic.	USB-C Charging Cable
I like it small lightweight easy to see wifi capabilities	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Just as I thought, works flawlessly as described by Amazon. Moving towards automation.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Kindle paperwhite easy to use, great features, easier to read!	Vareebadd Phone
Great for nighttime. Easy to read at the beach, too!	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought for my wife. Great product. Easy to set up and use.	USB-C Charging Cable
I don't know why it was so much more expensive than the Fire HD.... considering this only does books. But, it's exactly what I wanted. It's very nice to have the backlight for reading at night.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have the older Kindle with keyboard. This one is lighter, touchscreen, and has the back light. It was worth the extra $ to buy this one with the backlight. My daughter doesn't need to worry about whether she has a book light with her when she reads on long trips. A+	Lightning Charging Cable
Kindle is always the first choice to read the E-book. Comfortable reading experience.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I held off for quite some time on buying this product being it seemed awful expensive for a tablet with only one purpose. I can now say Im glad I bought it. No more having to worry about reading on a bright sunny day and just in general seems much easier on the eyes.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is an excellent product at a great price. Shipping was great and got here really quick. Product itself is incredible and makes reading very easy and comfortable. Easy on eyes whether in the dark or in bright sunlight.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I admit I am late to the Kindle party. I couldn't understand why someone would get a dedicated e-reader when other devices could do so much more. I am now convinced that this is the way to read a book. The battery life is incredible and the paperwhite display is so easy on the eyes. The device is also a great size and can be used one handed without feeling cumbersome.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave to mother for Mother's Day to upgrade her older Kindle. She loves it and enjoys the light since it doesn't cause a glare while reading at night in bed.	Wired Headphones
Bought for my wife for mothers day, as she wanted something to read in the sunshine this summer, and it performs amazingly in that respect. We have iPads and regular Kindle Fire units (the kids), but only this one can be read in any light, any time of day. Only 4 stars as I'm not sure why terribly more expensive than the Fire units, but it solves for those who like to read under sunlight at the beach or by the pool, couldn't be clearer.	27in FHD Monitor
Love this new addition. The light feature really helps	Vareebadd Phone
I purchased for my mom and she enjoys it she reads al day	USB-C Charging Cable
Compact, long battery, able to read in any light level.	iPhone
Pleasant to read at night while everyone sleeps. Great for use outside and inside. Like reading a book without losing my page	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the kindle and I can read at night without hurting my eyes	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a replacement unit for a first generation unit. It works perfectly, the old unit would not hold a charge.	USB-C Charging Cable
The perfect fix for any book lovers delight. Allows you to see in the dark and maneuver without needing to shine a light on the device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It exceeds the expectations, amazing long lasting battery	Macbook Pro Laptop
had a regular kindle and this one is just as light but with a backlight so it helps with night time or train reading (when in tunnels).A lot faster too, as it's newer.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my 1st Kindle bough for my wife, later on bought another one for myself , we both love it, most important it wont hurt our eyes and battery last for weeks without charging it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my 2nd Kindle for myself, I bought the 1st one for my wife a week ago, we both love it, most important it wont hurt our eyes and battery last for weeks without charging it	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this Kindle Paperwhite for my wife. I have always loved the Kindle products. This is her first Paperwhite and we are incredibly pleased with it. Very lightweight, the touchscreen aspect doesn't get in the way of things, and the backlight doesn't compromise the e-ink quality of feeling like reading on paper.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I have always loved the Kindle products. This is my first Paperwhite and I am incredibly pleased with it. Very lightweight, the touchscreen aspect doesn't get in the way of things, and the backlight doesn't compromise the e-ink quality of feeling like I'm reading on paper.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to read on and awesome battery life. Great price.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the paperwhite! Best Kindle yet. easy on the eyes!	Google Phone
I purchased this as a gift, but have owned three myself. Hands down the best reading experience. I LOVE my Kindle!That said, this version of their software lost some functions in terms of listing and collections that I really miss. Improvements always have a price, I guess.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This device is a classic reader for people， also a good gift for students. It is very comfortable to use it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great reading experience, always easy on the eyes!	USB-C Charging Cable
Great device for reading books. Screen is super sharp and the backlight is great in low light. Highly recommend!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Thanks Bestbuy for offering best price!!! We have been looking for this product since long and finally got it at bestbuy in great price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this a a gift for my wife, who loves to read, but who has absolutely no use for or interest in information technology and the tools of that trade. She can barely tolerate email, and refuses to interact with a smartphone. Once introduced to Kindle, however, she has become hooked. It is light, easy to carry, seldom needs to be charged, turns pages with a touch, and is a veritable portable library.It was an inspired gift - and who knows where it might lead.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use. Very good for those that need large lettering. Great back light.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my wife's birthday present. She absolutely loves it! It is easy to use, easy on her eyes, and she prefers it to paper. Best present I've given her this year!	Lightning Charging Cable
I wanted the one with whispersync but none were available, so for the cost and having familiar ebook I purchased this unit. Great for taking to poolside or beach when on vacation.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kindle Whitepaper Reader is a replacement for my original Kindle. I like the fact that the Whitepaper has a back light so you can easily read in low light situations. Also, the non glare screen makes it so easy to read in bright sunlight.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased two. One for my wife and I for a trip to England. Easy to pack-stayed charged-readable in all lighting-we both like them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Left the Barnes & Noble nook because Amazon has way more options and so far glad I'm changed e-readers!	USB-C Charging Cable
I upgraded to this from a Kindle Keyboard, so it was huge upgrade. Holds more books and has a back light. The light is fairly uniform but not so bright that it will bother the person next to you. Battery lasts a good long while and it is easy to read in direct sunlight too.	Google Phone
Smaller than I expected but easy to hold. Very difficult to figure out how to access library, delete books. No user instructions came with it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love this product - light weight, easy on the eyes, glare-free.	USB-C Charging Cable
The new Kindle Paperwhite is such a great improvement Love it so much!!!	LG Dryer
This product is very good. There was no problems in moving all of my books from my other Kindle to this one. I like the touch active screen and the lite screen. The size makes it easier to travel.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have been reading on a paperwhite for a few years now. When it got damaged I just went right out and bought another. It's light, easy to see without my reading glasses, since I can change the font, and it's great for reading outside, even in full sun. It's worth every penny.	Google Phone
Of all the kindle readers this is the best one.I love this, small, easy to read	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
As a lover of books I love the portability and battery life of this. Definitely would recommend to anyone.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"Let me set the stage for this review: I joined a book club this year and have started reading a lot... or at least what I would consider to be a lot, which is about 2 decently-long books a month.Up until buying the Paperwhite, I was doing most of my reading on my iPhone using the Kindle app. Long story short, I ended up returning the Paperwhite after about 2 weeks. Why? Because I realized just how sporadic my reading was. I read when I'm out and about, waiting at a doctor's office, or in-line at a restaurant, etc. It became overwhelmingly apparent to me that the best E-Reader is the one you have with you at all times. For me, that's my iPhone.The actual reading experience is definitely better on the Paperwhite. However, if you're an ""on-the-go"" reader like me, then it just means you have to carry around another device. Dedicated E-Readers are for people who either truly read a ton, or have a set routine for reading. If that's not you, then stick with your phone."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this as a gift to my mom. She absolutely loved the color and how easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
A great e-reader have had no problems with it at all.	ThinkPad Laptop
I really loved this! It was the perfect size to carry in my bag, and the paper white is awesome. So easy to read. Also very attractive looking. LOVE IT!	iPhone
"It is a great ""book"" to carry around. I really love it."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this item for my granddaughter for her birthday,, she really liked it..	iPhone
a must have item. it is good for reading e books..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle Paperwhite in white. The battery lasts a long time without recharging. Your books are all in one compact location. you can add your own personal touch with color cases to protect your kindle. I take mine everywhere I go.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was pretty simple to use. User friendly and pretty lightweight.	Flatscreen TV
I took it back the day after purchasing it. The screen looks like you are scrolling through old news print. Blacks out each moment you move it. I thought it was a defect but nope. According to the geek squad that's just the way it is now :(	Lightning Charging Cable
I am enjoying taking the Kindle with me when I am traveling and also just resting in bed before falling asleep.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for my wife. She loves it. Very user friendly. Forever battery life.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a great buy. I read all the time and just got tired of carrying multiple hooks with me on flights. So this played a big role in packing	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good for reading at night. Bought as a gift and it is used daily for reading	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is really the standard when it comes to ereaders. Super light weight and crystal clear.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It was a Mother's Day gift my wife loved it she took it on vacation with her and could read it in the direct sunlight on the beach or by the pool	Google Phone
I used to avoid dragging along books/magazines to read as they are bulky and heavy, but now I don't need to. I just download my reading material.	27in FHD Monitor
Have be very happy with the line of products so far	20in Monitor
Couldn't go without it. Old one conked out on vacation and this was great. Sister has one too.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought it as a gift, I love mine and think everyone should have one!	Wired Headphones
This was an excellent gift for my wife. She always wanted a standard kindle, but this was one that a few of her friends had. She loves the display and I like that I can sleep beside her when she reads at night. Perfect for someone who doesn't like the phone backlight.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second Kindle. Tried using a tablet and that didn't work. Glad I went back to a Kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son and he absolutely loves it, he continues to enjoy reading while at home or traveling!	iPhone
Easy to hold & read with no strain to eyes. Love that I can highlight text.	27in FHD Monitor
Love paperwhite version. Perfect to read at beach, at night ,on plane, etc...	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Battery life is great. Kindle unlimited is lame, web browser needs work.	20in Monitor
I purchased this kindle to replace a very old and heavy Nook! Kindle is lightweight , easy to use and perfect for travel. Holds a charge forever!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was using another brand, from another vendor. Problematic. Continuation of reading erratic. When I began to attempt to read where I left off last, unit would take me back to random page or completely start the book over. Went through 2 readers, and both were faulty and very frustrating. The last stopped taking a charge. I read very good reviews of the Kindle. Pitched the other two (and they weren't cheap). The Kindle holds a charge for weeks not days and selection and price are light years ahead of the other service. Recommended to a friend and she loves it.	iPhone
Player has plenty of features and the picture quality is excellent.Would have been 5 star except the remote control is on the cheap side.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
When my old kindle died I purchased the Paperwhite. Great for reading! Much lighter weight than previous one. Now able to read in sunlight without difficulty and am able to use with another source of light.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this to use mainly outdoors because my iPad had too much reflection on the screen. The white background works great outdoors. Very easy to read.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Nice screen which is easy to read. We will have to see how it hold up with kids in the house.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was actually a usability tester on the very first Kindle and I'd always thought about buying one. After using the Kindle app on various tablets (iPad and Samsung) I finally realized that what I was mostly using the tablets for was the Kindle App.Buying one was a no-brainer and the Paperwhite is excellent. The Bookerly font is exceedingly readable and the backlighting is adjustable so that I don't keep my significant other awake when I'm reading in bed. It's lightweight and the perfect size for putting in the pocket of my cargo shorts or in a jacket pocket.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a excellent gift for someone who likes to read alot.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Would recommend to everyone. Good buy and does what I needed.	Lightning Charging Cable
I couldn't read on my kindle outside so I got the paperwhite. Problem solved.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very handy and easy to use! I recommend this product!	Lightning Charging Cable
Upgraded from Generation 1 kindle with buttons that had all the letters worn off to this newer generation kindle. Love the touchscreen and the ability to sit out on the patio with a fire and read all night without needing additional light.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
... and anywhere else! I love it. For the first time since I've had a Kindle, I can finally read it outside. Great for reading NYT on Sunday mornings by the pool!	LG Washing Machine
I love to read but I rarely have time these days. For those who do have the time, this is a great device because you can take it anywhere and read it easily in pretty much any lighting situation. The text is crisp and easy to see but I wish the screen was just a little bigger. I ultimately took this back and went with a Kindle Fire HD 8. The pros of a tablet outweighed the cons for my situation, but the Kindle Paperwhite is still a great option for people who read a lot and want to read their books anywhere they go.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had an original Kindle (wifi only) and loved it, however was limited when reading at night (I didn't want to have to attach a light or use a flashlight). The Kindle Paperwhite solves my dilemma! I would specifically recommend it for those who are frequent fliers.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great little reader! Easy to use and download books. The backlight helps in all lighting situations. Long battery life	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Amazon Kindle Paperwhite was a gift to my husband. He is very happy with it for several reasons. Reading from the non-reflective screen is effortless, and he can adjust the size of the characters. He can take notes and highlight parts of the text. Two really neat features are: 1. If you take notes on a book that you borrowed from the library, those notes will still be there even after you return the book. So, if you happen to borrow the same book a few weeks later, when you open the book on your e-reader, your notes will be there. 2. In a complicated story with lots of characters, the e-reader keeps track of who is who. In a paper book, you would have to flip the pages back and forth to figure that out. No need to do this with the e-reader.	Flatscreen TV
I find this perfect for reading. It's much lighter than the mini iPad. Easier on the eyes.	Lightning Charging Cable
This reader does what I expected and has good battery life.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I love my new paperwhite. I had previously had a generation 1 and a generation 2 kindle. This is a tremendous step up. I usually use my kindles for reading on the beach. I love that it is small and fits in my beachbag or purse. I like the back light on it also. If I had to make one constructive criticism I would have liked the page turning to be more like turning the page on a book like the kindle app on my phone works. Occasionally, if I don't hit the page turn in the right spot I get other ""stuff"" that shows up. Not a huge deal but I would like it to be more intuitive in that regard."	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as a gift for my mother and she loves it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
When I first opened the box, I was unsure as to my feelings about this new Kindle. BUT, after learning to use it, the performance has been first rate. The variable brightness makes it easy on the eyes to read day or night.	Wired Headphones
It's my first time owing a kindle. But so happy I purchase it. All my favorite books in one place. Love the light and how practical it is.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect, just needs an app to locate when set aside	USB-C Charging Cable
I love it it's an awesome electronic device I can't live with out it !	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to use once I realized I needed to hold longer to turn the kindle off.	Wired Headphones
I gave this as a gift to my sister and she loves it. The battery life is great. She recently took it to a trip to Canada from Texas and her battery lasted all trip!!!	Flatscreen TV
Like the fact that it is strictly an e-reader. Wished it was a bit larger like the Fire HD 8 tablet - but pleased with my purchase	Wired Headphones
The Kindle Paperwhite is an improvement over older generation Kindle's with it's clearer display, cleaner font, and built-in light. It's an e-reader that anyone can use with very little technical capability and makes for an enjoyable reading experience.	iPhone
I love this kindle. You can read clear in bright sunlight and it's so easy to carry around. The letters are crisp and easy to read. It's just like holding a book but without the curling pages. You will not be disappointed.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought one for my wife and I...I got the white one, she got the black one. Started reading through Stephen King's entire bibliography. Really loving it, and really loving the device. Great battery life and functionality. Highly recommended. If you are thinking about buying one, just do it. You won't regret it. And make sure to set up your local library digital account to rent books for free!	USB-C Charging Cable
I have had both the Kindle and the Nook ereader. They are similar in almost every way, with one big difference.Amazon has more ebooks available, and they slightly cheaper.Plus, then I bought the Kindle, it was on sale for $99, making it the same price as the Nook.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This Paperwhite Kindle does exactly what it says....Great for reading Books outside in the sun light or when it is getting dark.	Product
Great for reading in bright lit areas.No glare screen makes it easy reading	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy to travel with. Easy to see in dark/dim light	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Its a good Laptop by HP. Keep getting the same HP update message even after updates have been installed is worrisome	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This paperwhite works well. It is easy to use. I would recommend. It is lighter than the fire I was using to read books on.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Helpful, learned a lot. Gave good information. Good comparison	27in FHD Monitor
I enjoy this reader due to its large storage capacity for my growing library and the ability to navigate to a given location in no time flat. The bright but adjustable lighting is very welcome as well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice and easy on the eyes, lightweight. What I take on trips to read outside or at home anytime.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Product is much better than the original- highly recommended	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I've had the product for over 6 months now. No problems, great picture even in the sun, great battery life.	Lightning Charging Cable
I own it for some time and i don't have complains.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Can't play word games or monopoly but other than that great	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Kindle makes reading easy, lightweight and the light makes reading much easier in low or no light.	USB-C Charging Cable
Too small for me. Page turning constantly due to size. Page refresh jumpy, irritating to my eyes.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Light and easy to use. Like its feature of back light, by which eyes did not feel sour even with long time of reading.	Lightning Charging Cable
This device is perfect for viewing on the beach, planes, etc. Easy to use.	Product
I like it a lot. It does what it says it will do and that's awesome.	Google Phone
I had a kindle which I unfortunately threw away by mistake with some papers. I bought a paper white and I am back to being able to read all the books I want, It can be put in my purse and I can read where ever I go.	iPhone
The Kindle Paperwhite is a compact e-reader that is so easy to use and download books - many of which are free from various websites. The light is great so one can read in a dim hotel light or in the dark.	Wired Headphones
I absolutely love my kindle! The battery lasts a really long time, which is great because I read a lot! Easy to work, and I am loving the adjustable back light.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product if you need to read e-books, good battery life.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great gift as it's reasonably priced. Battery life is fantastic. Put it into airplane mode and it lasts even longer. Don't forget this is the one where you have to adjust the backlight. If you want to auto adjust you need to get the Voyager. Both nice and compact. Highly recommended.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I bought this e-Reader because I wanted to use it at the river and by the pool and still be able to see the screen in the sunlight. The Kindle Paperwhite didn't disappoint. Compact and a step above the basic e-Reader.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought it for one of my friend. He just loved it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my 3rd kindle but only because I've lost the previous ones. Can't imagine reading any other way.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for a retirement gift and my coworker loves it. It's perfect! Easy to set up and no hassles.	Flatscreen TV
Enjoy that it has the light so I can read at any time and in any light. Only gave 4 stars because there is always room for improvement.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The text is easier to read and I don't have to have a light in order to read when the room light is dim or if it is dark.	27in FHD Monitor
My wife had an older Kindle but this one had so many improvements: great paper white reading appearance, longer battery life, and it lights up so she can read in bed.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"An 'okay' reader. Reading from an iPad mini is better under all conditions except outside in sunlight. Plus, with the iPad you can play games, web search, etc. The Kindle library function is not nearly as good as the Kindle app on the iPad where you can see many more of your books on a page and scroll through them all quickly versus the slow swipe function of the Kindle. I also do not like the page turn of the Kindle versus Apple. Every page turned on Kindle is like slow motion and about every fifth page refreshes entirely. I actually have to go to the top of the next page slowly in order to not have to wait for the Kindle slow page turn. Even the reading in the outdoors feature of the Kindle is not as great as reviewers indicate as there is still the sun glare on pages that you have to deal with, although at least you can read with it outdoors. The Kindle also suffers from a 'shadow' along the bottom of the screen. The explanation is that it is actually a shadow that is between the lights that are shining upward for night time reading. Draw your own conclusions as to whether that is good engineering. It is worse on some of the devices I saw than on others. Kindle serves the purpose for reading at the beach and not worrying if it accidently gets damaged. I would never take an iPad to the beach, but the Kindle is almost 'disposable' in contrast. Maybe 3 stars is being a bit generous but it is a good supplement to the iPad. If Apple ever makes their device so it can be used outside without a glare, then I don't see any market for the Kindle at that point. Not sorry I have a Kindle, but for what I decided to buy it for (reading at beach) it is at the price point where it is not really worth it. I still read ""paper"" books for those who remember what those are and those still work perfectly for beach reading."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have always enjoyed my kindles. easy to carry and read.	USB-C Charging Cable
The screen is glare free and easy to read in any light. I love this Kindle	Wired Headphones
Hands down the best. I had a nook for years and rarely used it. I have already read 5 different books on the kindle and it's a much smoother experience.	iPhone
Very happy with my product. Best Buy staff was extremely helpful	Bose SoundSport Headphones
First of all I would like to say that I'm very happy with my purchase. It is very helpful and useful gadgets for every single ebook reader. Battery life is awesome and it's very stylish display and overall look. Definitely must buy product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's Light weight,... easy to read in any light level ... especially outside, which is a nice improvement from my last one.	iPhone
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. Lighter in weight, no glare. The white background is easier to read than the previous model she had.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very good Product. Easy to read with the extra lightings. Look wise it is good	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have been using Kindle for several years now but my old one was starting to freeze and had problems connecting to the internet sometimes. This new one is a great replacement. I like that it is backlit and that it syncs to the latest page read with the Kindle app on my iphone. Great purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and clarity is wonderful! This was a present for my daughter and she loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my second PW and my 5th Kindle over the years. I don't know of a better way to consume books. Read on the Kindle, catch up on the iPhone, further on the iPad, and back to the Kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoy this kindle. I was disappointed that the iPad gloss made it difficult to read outdoors at the beach but this paper white makes that very possible.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Exactly like my friends. I love it. I took it on vacation and great to read on the beach or at home	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and read with good battery life. Highly recommend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this Kndle for my daughter who is vision impaired. I was able to increase the size of the print enough that she could read without a magnifying glass. She hadn't been able to read a book for many years so she was thrilled. It's also great that she is able to read with no glare on the screen if she is outside. Great product!	Flatscreen TV
Got this as a gift for my sister. She was running out of book shelf space this was the great idea. She loved this gift and it has a light so you can read this one in the dark.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's certainly better than the original kindle. The touchscreen is hard to get used to and it's easy to accidentally forward through several pages or chapters if you fall asleep with your finger on the screen. It is also difficult to look a word up in the dictionary if it's at the top of the screen because highlighting it brings the home screen. It is better viewing in light and because it has it's own light is much more convenient is the dark.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was tired of trying to read my books on my regular kindle fire or my phone and NEVER being able to do so because the screen was too dark or glare was to strong.This is my 3rd kindle and I love it the best! perfect indoors or outdoors. Small and compact. Fits easily in my purse or tote.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have been researching the different Kindles, and decided on this one. I think I made a great choice.	27in FHD Monitor
Love using my Kindle Paperwhite. The best feature is the ability to adjust the backlight when reading in different locations.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Does the job, especially at that price! After using colored tablets, it does take some time to get used to though.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great upgrade, with the touch screen but still with the perfect ability to read outside!Set up is idiot proof and very quick. I like that you can have two accounts on it now, as my husband uses it also. Has a very long battery life and is pretty rugged as I dropped a couple of times.If you love to read outside this is the product for you!	20in Monitor
Bought as a gift for my 70-year-old husband who reads a lot. He loves this way of reading books only accessible by Kindle.	Lightning Charging Cable
"This my 3rd Kindle paper white. My other two are completely full of great reads; my eyes are bigger than the number of hours in a day. I don't go anywhere without a kindle paperwhite in my purse; jacket pocket, etc because it's so compact and easy to adjust the size of the print if necessary."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like my Kindle. This device could be a later technology. For the price Amazon could include more features.	27in FHD Monitor
Great e reader especially love the backlight. Definitely recommend to others	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Left my first reader on the airplane. Rushed right down to replace it. Had a nook before and my wife had a kindle. I finally had to admit she made the better choice.	27in FHD Monitor
This product is exactly as I expected it to be! No complaints!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Other kindle had a hole in screen from kids...upgraded to the paper white screen, works great	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this, the backlight makes reading in bed or low lighting easy. No need to keep the light on and my husband awake. No eyestrain	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this kindle for my daughter inlaw for Christmas. She absolutely loves it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's great for reading books. I like it because you don't have to buy real books anymore	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The kindle is a great alternative to buying so many books. I bought my kindle and have over 100 books to read at any time. The new kindle lets me read at night without any other lighting.	Vareebadd Phone
Much prefer reading books on my Kindle than on iPad	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"My wife needed a new Kindle....her previous one just ""died"".....she loves the new size, features, and screen....much improved compared to her original Kindle....I highly recommend if you are in the market for an e-reader."	Wired Headphones
I'm already enjoying reading using a paper white, this purchase was for my granddaughter. It has all the functions I need. One of the best things is the length of the battery, It only needs charged once a month. I know she'll enjoy her paper white as much as I do mine.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I LOVE this kindle!!! The battery life lasts for days.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my daughter after her old one was broken when it got folded up in the sofa bed. Don't ask. Lol. She loves it! Light weight. Holds a charge for a long time. Easy to use.	Wired Headphones
"I love my reader. I love that I can read outdoors, and I can choose the size and the font of the text. I love the new battery life! It is for real. I can go 10 days without a charge; in fact I've never run out of power and had it off the power for 12 days. The only thing I wish, is that it were just a little bit larger. But I love everything else about it. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a good reader."	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to use and well lit for night reading. Charges fast. Light weight. Love it!	iPhone
Bought for my daughter because I love mine so much! Easy to use. Can see in the dark to read before bed - not so bright as a phone so it doesn't keep me up.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love this Kindle. I have read about 7 book since I bought it and I used to only read about two a year	iPhone
This is a great product for someone looking for a basic tablet with multi-use capability and is easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
The paperweight is a fantastic e-reader and the best I've ever used. Great display, fantastic battery life, and a very adjustable front light system work together to create an amazing reading experience. The only thing I would change would be to make it water and dust resistant for beach use. (Which is rumored to be coming in the next model)The ability to borrow ebooks from my library and download them directly on my Kindle is fantastic!	Vareebadd Phone
I enjoy using my kindle. It is lightweight and I can just take it out and read while waiting for the bus or at any time. The Kindle is easy to use and easy on the eyes and it is perfect when reading outdoors.	27in FHD Monitor
I lurve reading. Just lurve it. And I lurve my kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This new reader is light weight and easy to use. It fits conveniently in my purse.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I can finally get back to reading thanks to my new Kindle paperwhite. It's small and lightweight along with a perfect anti-glare reading pane. This is my first e-reader and I love it. The paperwhite is a must as I have no eyestrain as I do when reading on regular computer screens. Intuitive and easy to use!	Google Phone
I have purchased the Paperwhite for 4 of my children. They all love the portability and the light up screen. Perfect for travel and reading in bed.	Lightning Charging Cable
I've had my kindle for a few weeks now and find it very easy to cart around and to read regardless of the lighting situation. I'm not crazy about the constant ads for books in genres I'm not at all interested in, but that's about the only negative I've found so far.	Lightning Charging Cable
The kindle paper white provides an excellent reading experience .	20in Monitor
Lightweight, and I like being able to read outside with no glare.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Easy to read. Great for travel. Has been an excellent purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this as a gift for my daughter. She had a very old kindle that wasn't working properly. She loves it.	Flatscreen TV
This is my second KIndle. I use Kindle to read fictions. This is awesome!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great ereader. Best bang for your buck. I highly recommend this product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have an older Kindle. I usually read without back lighting but I like having the option to use it in a darkened room.	USB-C Charging Cable
Would encourage others to purchase if they are avid readers, can go anywhere	iPhone
this is the best ereader in the market, the battery last a least 4+ weeks with one charged	Lightning Charging Cable
I absolutely love the Kindle Paperwhite! It is my first e-reader but it's won me over! I had to choose between the Kindle and the Nook. Each had it's advantages and the only reason that the Kindle won out was because of my obsessive usage of Amazon. I don't like that it uses a proprietary format (other formats are usable such as PDF.) but there are workarounds out there...The screen is crisp and looks just like paper. I barely notice the e-ink refreshing and I can read for hours without discomfort. The built in light is great for night reading and it's so light!Overall, a great device and if you can wait there are price drops fairly often.9/10. Would buy again.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The paper white kindle is great. Makes reading in the dark is so much easier.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I was hesitant since I also have a smart phone but it's well worth it. Love that it doesn't smudge or break as easily and is easy on my eyes even in the dark. Love the kindle share program	Apple Airpods Headphones
The kindle is great for reading at night and is very comfortable.	27in FHD Monitor
I brought it for my best friend and she love it very much.I will buy one for myself when it has some discount.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this as an upgrade to my old Kindle. The backlighting is great, now my wife does not have to leave the lights on at night to read.	USB-C Charging Cable
Before I switched to the Kindle white I was using Barnes and Noble Nook which had several down sides compared to the Kindle. Kindle battery last a long time compared to the Nook. Kindle does not jump pages like the Nook. Nook is very sensitive to touch and causes a lot of confusion when trying to find where you left off reading. My husband and I are very happy that we switched to Kindle especially since you have a greater selection of reading material through Amazon.	iPhone
This is my first kindle and I love it. I have used it every day since I bought it.	Wired Headphones
My husband gave this to me for our vacation to Hawaii. It was nice and lightweight to read on the plane in the dark, and on the beach in the bright sunlight. Love it!	Wired Headphones
I have had a Kindle since they first came out. This is my 4th one and they just keep getting better. Reads great in daylight, night time, whenever.	Lightning Charging Cable
This device is lightweight and comfortable to hold. I love being able to read it in the dark	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got this as a gift for my bookworm wife and she loves it. Typically she likes physical copies but the kindle is a space saver	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Speed is great. Backlight is great. The screen isn't reflective - great.	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this for my 8 year old because he loves to read and i wanted something that he couldnt browse the internet on. He loves it so far.	Wired Headphones
I just love the size of the kindle and it's easy to take on the go. Perfect reading for outdoors on the deck around the pool.	USB-C Charging Cable
We started out great. We had a great thing going. I loved her, she was easy on the eyes, and looked great in any light. Then 7 months into it, I could no longer turn her on. I tried the reboot with no luck. She is still under warranty but that doesn't matter because Best Buy's return policy stinks. If I do try to replace her, I will not buy it here.	Wired Headphones
Great reader for the price. Compact, lightweight, print and back ground lighting can be adjusted for easier reading. Some people may find this helpful if they have vision problems	iPhone
I have wanted a Kindle reader for a few years now & I'm so happy to finally have one! It's so convenient, easy to hold, & most importantly it's easy on the eyes even when I don't have my glasses!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My girlfriend is a bookwork and she absolutely loves her Kindle Paperwhite. We tried getting the standard Kindle first, but that just didn't do it for her as she likes to read in the dark as well. The Paperwhite was the perfect investment for her, and I'm considering getting one for myself.	Flatscreen TV
Perfect for those of us who don't want to buy books and really prefer not to carry a stack from the library. Once I got the hang of it, books were easy to load from our local library. The Kindle is easy to hold and I can adjust the page brightness and type size as needed. Would not get though if you want to see color pictures in books.	Flatscreen TV
The perfect reader you need if you choose to read everywhere	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Had a very, very old Kindle so this was quite a change. Like the size, the paperwhite (didn't think I would) and the back-lighting..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great value. it doesn't hurt my eyes. So easy to use and upload books. best of all my kids wont try and use it to surf the web.	Wired Headphones
This is the second Kindle Paperwhite we have purchased for one of our Grand Children. This is a great tool to promote reading for kids or adults. This tool combined with Amazon's available online subscriptions or purchasing books individually is the way to go.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works well. A nice upgrade from our old one. Easy to use	Flatscreen TV
If you like to read but don't want a lot of clutter, or just don't have the space for dozens of books on your shelf then this is the solution. The layout is simple to use and the screen is perfect. Reading in direct sunlight isn't an issue thanks to the matte finish of the e-ink display. The battery on this thing will outlast any other electronic you have in your house.My only complaint/issue is that as a avid reader off comic books, this device thanks to the nature of the display don't allow me to enjoy my favorite medium.	ThinkPad Laptop
I take this on all my trips. I have access to,tons of books. I can carry it in my purse and read wherever I am.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I like the convenience of my Kindle a lot for reading, and the process for buying books from Amazon is easy and flawless, as well as cheaper than buying physical books. There are a lot of $1.99 specials of very good books. I just wish the Kindle was slightly larger - more the size of a typical paperback book - because when I'm reading it feels like I'm ""turning"" a page every few seconds."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Extremely easy to view. No light needed. Just what I was looking for.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to use, super long battery life. Love how easy it is to buy new books and how it always picks up right where I left off reading.	Lightning Charging Cable
I use it to read books that i borrow from thr library. So far it is great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I had previously purchased the first kindle fire for reading but I would get distracted with all those other apps you can get on it. When the kindle paper white came out I decided I’ll give it a try. I love reading in the dark with it and that it looks like the pages in a physical book. I also love the word wise it helps to review words you didn’t know later if you want, growing your vocabulary.	Wired Headphones
I love my Kindle ,I use it every day and the size is perfect..	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easy to read fonts, do not have to buy an external light, can read in bright sunlight or in the dark. Easy to add books from Amazon Kindle. It's nice to carry your whole library with you in your purse.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my girlfriend so she can stop hoarding books. She's addicted to this now. It's great because it's small and cool looking, but perfect for her because she has immediate access to a plethora of books.	Lightning Charging Cable
Lightweight, fits perfectly in my hands, good screen quality. Makes reading even more enjoyable.	iPhone
I simply love it. At first I thought reading black and white content on a iPad would be a similar experience and reading on iPad or iPhone is similar and no need for kindle. But kindle is different and for me it's better than reading a physical book. It's so cool to carry around thousands of books at any time. Battery goes on and on and on. Excellent piece of hardware.	Wired Headphones
I love being able to download books and read them whenever I want. I carry it in my purse and can read it anytime I'm in a situation where I'm waiting, on the bus, etc. It's much more convenient than carrying a book around. The only thing that I'd improve is making it easier to get the homepage/toolbar to display.	Wired Headphones
The screen was small for me and I couldn't access a website with free ebooks. I ended up taking it back and read on my iPad now.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's my family's third kindle device. Very convenient for reading although my daughter wants to read paper books after using her own kindle for 2 years.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the size and design. works great, I love that i can change font sizes	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Best kindle ever! Easy to use and so beautiful kindle. I really recommend this kindle.	Wired Headphones
I wouls recommend this over your phone or pc display anyday of the week. Great for your eyes. Doesnt weight anything. Finished reading the gunslinger on this.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this because it's lightweight and easy to adjust display for in bed reading. Have difficulty reading physical books as my vision is changed. I enjoy using this kindle although I have other readers including nook iPad and kindle hd. Very pleased with this purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great reader for elderly. Bought this for my mother. She loves it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife's old kindle died a couple months ago...I looked around for a replacement, and Best Buy offered the most competitive price....	Wired Headphones
Amazon has done a good job but the reader is still a little on the small size for my liking. The light is a key feature for night readers. Interface is well laid out. Purchased for a family member who is happy with it.	Wired Headphones
A friend had purchased this Kindle and I was really impressed with the ease of use and how easy it was to borrow books from the library and read it on this Kindle. It was easy on the eyes and quite handy to hold and transport.	27in FHD Monitor
I like the light weight and enjoy reading out side again	Wired Headphones
Great way to enjoy reading wherever you are. The lighting feature is definitely worth it, as you can read it anywhere.	ThinkPad Laptop
very practical product if you read ebooks. thin and light.	Vareebadd Phone
Love my kindle. Easy to use. My daughter has a kindle and we can share books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
There is no difference in reading from a book and a Kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Good to read on wish it was a larger screen reads just like a book no color just black and white easy to hook up and operate easy the eye	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Loved the original Kindle but after dark, I needed a light source. With the Paperwhite, and the adjustable back light, it is so easy to read anywhere, any time. The variable fonts help when I get tired and need to increase the size of the font for easier reading.I would happily recommend this Kindle Paperwhite to all.	LG Dryer
The kindle paperwhite is an excellent product. I already have it . This is a gift my friend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this reading device. I use it almost everyday. I read more books now.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for a friend in the hospital.very easy for him to use as he uses it endless hrs.the picture quality is good also ..would buy product again	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Not that I don't love it but I wish it would have been a little bigger. More book like.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product. The only problem is that my son is now staying up late to read books in his bed at midnight without lights turned on. :-)	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a good item for reading books. It is easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
However it seems their life is about 3 years. Wish it was longer	iPhone
Have an original kindle but need a new one and can use this outside	USB-C Charging Cable
The paperwhite is everything that I expected and more, it replaces my first Kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great device for reading indoors or outdoors. Very easy to navigate.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use! Reading clarity and background light/color is perfect. Lot's of free books to download and lot's of categories to choose from. You can also sample books that you would like to purchase..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Very useful,Very handy.Best when you travel due to prtability	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I had an older Kindle Paperwhite. Went to visit family & forgot to bring it. Purchased this new one. I love it. My husband is now using my old one. I won't go anywhere without my Kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I was very hesitant on buying an e-reader as I didn't think spending $100 on a device that I would then need to spend $$ on books was worth it. Now that I have been using the Paperwhite, there are plenty of free books available to download. It is very easy to read in every lighting condition that I've used it in so far. Wish I would have bought it much sooner.	Google Phone
This product is great for reading, especially in the sun.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a great tablet and I love using it.it is simple to use and I'm happy that I purchased it.	Lightning Charging Cable
It is very easy to use. Like that font can be magnified. Clear screen is easy to see. Remembers where you stopped reading previously.	Wired Headphones
This is a big improvement over my old Kindle. The Paperwhite screen is perfect, and I'm loving reading on a Kindle more than ever. Read on!	USB-C Charging Cable
I've had 4 kindles over the years and this is my favorite. So easy on my eyes and easy to read, even outdoors.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like this Kindle paperwork, it works good and relative cheap.	Wired Headphones
I bought Kindle for my wife because she is an avid reader. She is very happy with the paper white kindle as it is easy to read inside And outdoors.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Paperwhite kindle is great...especially when reading outside in bright light (like at the beach or in the backyard patio)! This is the main reason for getting it. No glare!	Wired Headphones
So easy to read and very easy on your eyes. Recommended for storing your books.	Wired Headphones
This kindle makes it easy to read at night.goodbuy	iPhone
What a great device. The paperwhite is much clearer to see than on an iphone or android. Easy on the eyes	USB-C Charging Cable
Wife loves the paperwhite edition of the Kindles. No glare from the sun what so ever. This replaced the Kindle 3rd generation she had for years.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a decent eBook if you are only interested in Book Reading. not a colored screen but so do not compare it with any iPAd / Pad ... good for reading. Good gift for Senior citizens.	Wired Headphones
Amazon kindle is a very good to keep yourself busy with a good book.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for only $90. Really great deal for this machine. I just love to read, and it is more fun reading with this Kindle. I have been waiting for deals like this for a long time and will buy another one as a gift next time the deal is on.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my wife. She subscribes to several financial publications that use graphs. They don't work well on our old 3rd generation Kindle and she hates reading on her iPad. This Kindle Paperwhite is great. It displays the graphics perfectly but keeps the reading experience pleasant.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great device that has a long battery life. Gets lots of use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great item works perfect and great protection. Exactly what I needed.	Lightning Charging Cable
So far this kindle works great. Have used it in the dark and on the beach and have no visibility problems! Very satisfied.	Google Phone
great way to read & manage books... pros: non-distracting (can't do anything but reading :-) that's BIG plus), non eye straining , great battery life..	Wired Headphones
This device offers a wonderful way to read books without creating more clutter in your home. The device is also easy to read even in the sun (unlike by IPad mini).	27in FHD Monitor
I have had my Paperwhite for a little over a month and I am in love! The software is much improved from the 2013 version which I previously owned. It is easy to navigate and pairs seamlessly with the app in my phone. You won't be sorry if this is the reader you choose!	20in Monitor
Good for the price. Ended up returning it for the model up that had some extra features.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love how it has a built in light and the fact that's it compact. Very easy to use.	Wired Headphones
I like to get library books, but just have a super hard time getting them on my Kindle. I finally get it done, but it is such a task because I don't know what to do. Other than that, I really like the Kindle as I can read in bed without turning on the light and I can also read outside in the sun. How great is that!!! I love it. Now, I just need to read how to accomplish the chore at hand---getting library books.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This is a wonderful reader that is very easy to operate. I especially like the non glare screen and that ability to adjust the font size and the lighting. It is perfect for reading in the sun and in bed as well!!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my daughter-in-law she was getting headaches from her last e reader. She loves the light on this paper white.	Lightning Charging Cable
My new Kindle is working the way it should. No problems advancing pages.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a nice reader that we gave to our granddaughter. She enjoys he children’s books she can read and we enjoy the limited Wi-Fi capabilities.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is perfect for what I wanted to do - which is read! I have a tablet for other things. I love how lightweight it is, the backlight, long battery life and no-glare in sun. I highly recommend!	Google Phone
I am on my 3rd Kindle. This software downloads new purchases with a picture of the cover of the book on my homepage. Only about a fifth of the available space. So this would only allow you to buy at most four books at a time before the covers would be too small. The new books should be downloaded to my Library in List Form as in the original Kindle. In addition, once you have looked at a book in the homepage, it disappears and you have to search for it or place it in a category. Finally, this system disallows you from manipulating books the way you want. This OS is definitely NOT USER FRIENDLY. It requires a great deal of effort of the user. A lot of wasted data space and waste of time. I am requesting a return to the original Kindle OS.	USB-C Charging Cable
this was a gift. My dad loves it! It does exactly what he needed it for with a great price!	Wired Headphones
It is so much easier to hold a Kindle than a heavy book and I love it. I also like that it is lighted.	Wired Headphones
fits my needs, love to read and it just fits my hands and is great and easy to read	Apple Airpods Headphones
Text looks great on it. My only issue the the browsing ability.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is a great reader. It is easy to use and very dependable. This is my third one. Really like them.	Google Phone
Bought for spouse and finally got her to give up her Sony ereader. She loves it and I'm a hero. Kindle is probably one of the greatest technology items of all time.	Flatscreen TV
Purchased it for the wife she said it's easy to read in any light and she loves it.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I am really enjoying this reader. The light is adjustable for all types of lighting! It is small enough to put in my purse to carry anywhere!	iPhone
I love the non glare screen on this product. Perfect for summer beach reading!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really like the Kindle and appreciate the convenience. I use it all the time and especially like that it is backlit so I can read at night without turning on a light. The only thing I haven't figured out is how to tell which of the downloaded books I've already read. My old Kindle labeled them clearly but I can't find it on this new one. A small problem that is easily worked around.	20in Monitor
My previous kindle's home page was more intuitive than the Paperwhite I just bought	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's everything I needed in a reader. The light is perfectly balanced and the text is so easy on the eyes and brain to read. Couldn't be happier.	iPhone
Easy to read, with a variety of content, long battery duration.	Wired Headphones
I was not happy when my original Kindle paperwhite failed after the warrantee period expired but I loved the battery life and readability in almost all environments.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
These kindlewhites are awesome! never thought I'd give up holding a real book, but the whites are just too convenient!	27in FHD Monitor
I just purchased this Kindle to replace my first generation kindle. I am so happy with my purchase. It is much easier to use, read, hold and charge. It is a worthwhile investment!	27in FHD Monitor
I love how light and convenient it is to carry around. This is beyond worth it for an avid eBook purchaser. I signed up to Prime for my son and none of the chapter books that he really wanted were ever available - not an issue with the kindle - just content that would be relevant for subscription (ie kid magazines) aren't necessarily available on the Paperwhite. Just remember, it's not a tablet, which is lovely if you only want some good uninterrupted reading.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"I used to read late at night with a bed light that kept my husband awake. After I started using the backlit Kindle Paperwhite my husband exclaimed, ""No more white nights!"""	Lightning Charging Cable
Beach necessity for avid reader! It is a must have if you want to read in direct sunlight!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I bought this for my wife and she can't put it down. Ordering books at your fingertips, and it holds a charge for a very long time. You can use it anywhere, in any lighting.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Fantastic Kindle. Worth it for the back light. Wife uses it everyday especially when rocking our new born in the dark	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle's keep getting better and better. I purchased this for my son who is an avid reader. He loves it and I love that he is reading more.	USB-C Charging Cable
I liked my Kindle fire better. Kindle Fire was easier to hold and easier to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Had one previously, it was time to replace. Great for reading anywhere!	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my first Paperwhite and I love it. I've had a kindle keyboard (loved it), kindle fire (was okay), kindle fire HD (good for a tablet) but i just love a good ol' eReader for reading. Nothing else will do and this Paperwhite is perfect to read in dark and bright situations. PLUS....The battery last FOREVER!!	Wired Headphones
I wasn't sure I could prefer digital books over traditional but I love this reader. Pages are clear and easy to navigate. One of the best purchases I ever made.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
User friendly, easy to purchase books online, great clarity quality	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The backlight is the best part of this Kindle! I highly recommend doing the paperwhite!	Flatscreen TV
It is easy to use without having to read the instructions.	Google Phone
I read a lot...enjoy this product while reading before bedtime.	USB-C Charging Cable
Will update with feedback in due time. I carefully and purposefully chose this product for an avid reader.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The paperwhite kindle is the best option for someone who is just looking for a kindle to read on and download books. Would not have chosen a different one at all.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Best reader pad, comfortable and light, recommended for reading and studying.	Apple Airpods Headphones
"This is my fourth Kindle; one was lost, but the other two simply died after a few years. I resent paying good money for something which such a short lifespan. A kindle is a great aide for readers who travel. How else to take dozens of books along? But I wish they were more long lived."	LG Washing Machine
Love love love! No squinting, no glare just beautiful words! Bought one as a gift for an avid reader friend too.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Best price per performance reader amongst the Kindles, as of 06/2017.	Wired Headphones
I needed to replace my Kindle fire that was damaged. It works great .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love white background and. back lighting. Much easier to read than earlier models	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great if you like reading at night. Backlight works great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I received my new Kinkle Paperwhite! I'm an avid reader at night - sometimes well into the early morning hours. This Kindle is the best - so lightweight and you can adjust the light in the background...best of all, the print adjusts to your choice of size and style and after reading for many hours, it's great to know I can make the type larger. So lightweight you never even realize you are holding it. Love, Love, Love it. Oh, and it is very, very easy to set up.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love traveling so this has been perfect for taking books wherever I go.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased as a gift for my mother in law, she loved it!	ThinkPad Laptop
I find this product to be great on plane rides due to extended battery life and great section of reading material	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is perfect for reading anywhere and being able to download books in a foreign country and having them at my fingertips. Being able to adjust the light and font size is very nice. This has been a convenient asset to my life.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love my new paperwhite kindle. Syncs with my older Touch Kindle and if I let one battery run down, can pick up on the other. Love the ability to read my paperwhite in low light areas which could not do with older kindle.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love my kindle, the paperwhite is great for reading outside because you don't get a reflection back like you do with other types of kindles. The white color is a nice change.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I miss some of the features that my Nook E-ink had; specifically the home key. However, this has served me well so far, and the backlight is a nice feature."	Macbook Pro Laptop
The Amazon Kindle is a great device for any reader. It is simple to use and fits the purpose. Operating system is a little slow comparing to other devices, but gets the job done.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have bought a kindle paperwhite as a gift for three people and each has LOVED it. It's a reliable reader with a LONG battery life and a great little traveler. I highly recommend it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am not the biggest reader but this made me start reading again! Really easy to use and very easy to read off at night or in the bright sun. Very user friendly and lots of little things to make my reading experience more helpful and exciting. Originally got the basic edition Kindle without the back light and instantly returned it. Not having to have a well lite room was more than worth the extra forty dollars.	Wired Headphones
I thought I could read from my ipad, was a I wrong! Using this Kindle is amazing and I will never read from my ipad again AND I feel like I am holding a book again, great work!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it. Great product	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is one of the best gadgets I have bought. It feels as if one is reading a real book. Battery life which last almost a month on moderate reading.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon has this one perfect. The backlight makes it easy to read.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great purchase, easy to use. No longer need to use my iPhone for reading.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This kindle is great, but it requires a cover to protect the screen - it's easily scratched.	Lightning Charging Cable
Have no complaints. The Paperwhite has opened up a whole new world for me because my eyes do not get tired.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Favorite part was how easy it is to read at night.	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife loves the kindle paperwhite to read on. She has not put it down sense we bought it. Battery life is great.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product. This is my 2nd Kindle paperwhite. Compared prices and this was the best one I found.	Wired Headphones
I bought it as gift to my neiece and she liked it.	Wired Headphones
This item is great. I would buy it again. Highly recommended.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really am enjoying my kindle. Im glad I got rhis one.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Exactly as advertised. Easy to read in the sun, no glare on the screen. GREAT battery life! I'm an avid reader and only have to charge once every few weeks. Love that the brightness is adjustable so I can read in bed after my husband has gone to sleep without bothering him. No strain on your eyes without a light on.	Wired Headphones
Paperwite is easy to hold, as I have weak wrists. Light weight and so easy to turn pages. Books download in seconds. With the light it is great to be able to read anywhere. Very small so it fits in my purse or a large pocket. I thought it would be hard to read because of it`s size but you can enlarge the letters to suit yourself. Enjoy the compatibility of this little jewel. It`s Great, don't hasatate to buy yours as you will be very pleased.	Lightning Charging Cable
I loved my book covers and the feeling of a book in my hands. But after reading countless reviews I gave in and bought a kindle. Now I can't imagine reading without it. After tons of booklights that died on me and heavy books that never fit in my bag. I can read anywhere, anytime, and in any lighting. I only wish the Kindle store was not so biased to kindle unlimited. It doesn't list the top books it lists people who pay the be on there. So you don't get genuine recommendations. Still, I will never read the same again. If you want to look up the mean of the word merely click it, if you want to make the font bigger you can do so, and if you want to see better raise the brightness. It's so much easier on the eyes than reading on my IPad.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We have 3 Kindles, all paper white models. They are lighter than the original model with the light on a spring. Both my grandson and I have iPads which we use for internet etc. The Kindles are the best for reading which helps encourage young readers.	iPhone
Very handy. No more need to buy books. Keep this next to your bed.	Lightning Charging Cable
Replaced my original kindle after if got dropped and screen no longer readable. Turned this new kindle on after charging it and all my books were already there. I didn't have to do anything!	Apple Airpods Headphones
What can I say,I love my Kindle! Has the right amount of light and very versatile to read..	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my first Kindle and I LOVE It! I considered buying a cheap used one but I'm so glad I went with the Paperwhite! I read in the dark way more than I thought I did. Battery life is amazing!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Like the light background. The font makes it easy to read.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great reader for reading in bed. Light weight easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The reason I bought this model kindle was for the backlight to read at night. The internet connectivity is great too. I've been reading a Russian history book and use the dictionary and Wikipedia lookup often to look up people and places with ease.	iPhone
This was a gift for my grandmother and she loves it. It's easy to use, portable, and the battery last long.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this Kindle the ease of use and the amount of books I can carry in a small package is awesome	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Had the original kindle and didn't use it as much as this one. Love the convenience of being able to pick it up anytime no matter where I am and use it without having to worry about the lighting conditions of where I am.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love this Kindle. It is a replacement for my old kindle keyboard. I used it constantly, for hours every day, carried it in my purse all the time, and traveled with it. I will not be without a Kindle. nice product.	20in Monitor
Works well for me. I love the light, I think that is the best feature.	ThinkPad Laptop
Works as it should, this was a replacement of the same item.	Wired Headphones
Finally upgraded my kindle, and adore everything about it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought it for college textbooks but took it back because it didn't work for this particular device.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great stuff for reading. I have been taking it everywhere with me. Reading is never more simple!	Lightning Charging Cable
This latest version of the kindle reader is great. Paper white is esp nice.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great product! It is SO much easier to read when it's sunny outside!	Lightning Charging Cable
I love my Kindle paperwhite. The backlit screen is great for reading at night, it has a long battery life and I love being able to use it in full sunlight.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice lightweight reader. Very thin and so easy to use and navigate! Love it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The easiest and lightest way to read a book any time and any place.	Google Phone
My son loves it, reads every day now. I love the fact, there is no internet/games to destruct him from reading. Small size allows to take it everywhere, wonderful screen for eyes. Just perfect!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I failed to ensure that this kindle had LTE, as well as wifi access before purchasing it. As it turns out, it has only wifi access making it difficult to download titles on vacation. It's still a great product, I just wish I would have gotten the LTE version.	Wired Headphones
Great reader. Easy to read screen in bright sunlight, easy on the eyes in darker rooms. Perfect size too. The kindle has made it possible to switch from paper books to something that's more convenient and works great.	Flatscreen TV
Love this book reader. Easy to use, easy to load books, easy to read even in the dark! Easy on eyes! It's like reading a real book. Charge lasts weeks!	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Paperwhite is a wonderful option for traveling (no weight, lots of books) and for seniors who read large print books - adjustable font size!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like the kindle paper white because you don't need s light on to read it,	Lightning Charging Cable
I have bought one for each of my kids and don't regret it for a second. Never seen them read more.	USB-C Charging Cable
works as advertised. small and light. will along with my kindle fire.	Wired Headphones
I enjoy reading on this kindle. It is easier on the eyes then my iPad for reading.	Wired Headphones
This is my 4th paper white. I travel A LOT and i never leave home with out it. Its ez to use and set up.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for using in any condition, specifically outside in the sun. No glare like the iphone and ipad	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Amazon Kindle Paperwhite is has many features and small so you carry it around and light in weight.	Wired Headphones
This Kindle is much lighter than my old 2nd generation Kindle. The ads are no problem at all, as they only appear when the Kindle is in sleep mode. The back light is great, so is the price!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have macular degeneration that makes it difficult for me to to read. The Paperwhite allows me to set the font size large enough to read comfortably and the great back lighting really helps also.	Apple Airpods Headphones
backlight feature is great for reading on an airplane when overhead lights are too bright.	Flatscreen TV
Easy to read at the beach or in bed love my kindle	Flatscreen TV
im an avid reader. this device it fantastic. sure beats carrying a book around.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The size is great for me, I can take it with me with little effort. The battery lasts a long time and the reading is clear.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent product. I would definitely recommend the Kindle for anyone who likes to read	Wired Headphones
Love this device for reading. I travel for a living so it's great not carrying a bulky book with me. Plus doesnt bother my eyes after reading for hours	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price. Bottom of device has shadows where the lights are that is a little annoying. Not sure why they can't avoid this. Doesn't interfere with the reading experience.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use. Lightweight... can easily read in low light / night.	USB-C Charging Cable
Replaced an older Kindle that was stepped on, and love the new Kindle the lighted screen is perfect for night reading, and the screen never washes out in bright sun light.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love it! This is my second Kindle. Would definitely recommend it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We now have 2 of these in our home because we love this model kindle	Google Phone
It is exactly what I needed! A plain ol' reader! No color, no apps! Just books, and I can read outside!	Wired Headphones
I have been reading on a tablet with the Kindle app. Worked great and really got hooked on e readers. However living in Florida I could not read outside. Purchased the Kindle Paperwhite and problem solved. Really like my Kindle. Haven't used the tablet since the purchase.	Google Phone
I picked this one up to replace an older one that had stopped working. I like the back lite and it's not a bad size.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the compact size and ability to read it anywhere.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
i can read anytime and anywhere.....................	Wired Headphones
Very good quality and easy to use, you can read anytime!	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the Kindle Paperwhite!! It allows you to read in any type of situation. You can control how bright or dim the backlight is. You can also turn the backlight off to save battery when you're in a well lit area. It's got plenty of space for hundreds of books.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Like then light. Easy to read outside. Just easier to read overall.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice and easy to carry with you. The battery's life is very good and you do not need to recharge for the next 7 days	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"Bought this for a friend she loved it! She always wanted a kindle for reading coz she is an ""electronic worm"". I am glad she loved it"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's my first time to buy a discount product on web. It's is fantactic. I definitely like the reader. If possible, I want to buy another one for my friend at such low price. :)	USB-C Charging Cable
Great kindle. Easy to travel with. Works great in sunlight.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great to read with during the day and night. Easy to carry.	Vareebadd Phone
This has been really good, easy to read and easy to transport.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I travel extensively for work and recently had stopped carrying books to cut down on bulk in my carry-ons. A sale pushed me into finally buying a kindle and it has been a great purchase for me. The screen is extremely easy to read, has almost too much granularity in brightness settings, and is visible in all lighting conditions. The ability to add library e-books is also a huge convenience for being able to read new books, in addition to buying direct from Amazon.	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazing battery life and beautiful screen. My friend I are all like it.	Product
Lightweight e-reader with backlight. Works as advertised.	Google Phone
Plan to use the KIndle Paperwhite on a cruise so very important that we could use it in the sun.	Wired Headphones
I wanted to upgrade my 3rd gen kindle keyboard to one with a backlight. The paper white is a great device to read on. The backlight and improved screen resolution make a big difference. There's a few software features I'd like Amazon to add but nothing that inhibits me from using the kindle. If you've been thinking of upgrading or jumping into the kindle for the first time, I'd highly recommend the paper white.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I just love my paperwhite! The size is small enough to fit in my purse and pull out whenever I have the time. The charge lasts forever, so I'm not always looking to plug in. I love that I can sit outside and read, or in bed at night, without light on to disturb husband. I belong to a book club, so it's nice to be able to add notes when I want to and to have the dictionary right there if needed. I can hook right onto Amazon, Goodreads or borrow from the library while sitting in bed. This is my first Kindle, so I don't have stuff to compare it to - but I sure love this one.	Wired Headphones
works great in bright sunlight, used it at the beach	Wired Headphones
Best e-reader in the world ! Now even looks better !	Wired Headphones
Best e-reader for now ! eyes feel comfortable for reading !	Vareebadd Phone
I bought this Kindle as a gift for my brother. I already have one and love it so much I wanted him to have one too.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I replaced my old Kindle with this one. The pull out light on the old one had been damaged by my grand son. This Kindle is so much smaller, lighter and the lighting makes it much easier to read. I got the cover that makes it look like a small notepad since I was traveling to Guatemala.	Wired Headphones
I bought the kindle fire not to long ago but wasn't happy with it because of the glare and lack of a backloght which hurt my eyes. I was hesitant to but another kindle but im glad I did! This is exactly what I needed to replace the fire. It's a little small but so much better than what I had before	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought the Kindle Paper White for travel, its so much lighter than bulky books and can fit in your hand luggage/pocket to read while travelling. So easy to use no screen glare like tablets have so you can read it anywhere. Has adjustable screen brightness and font size too.Has the technology to allow you to order and download books from anywhere you happen to be. I love it so much I bought my sister one too!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought two Kindle Paperwhites and we just love them! I love the size and portability of them. One of them was for our kids so that when we travel we don't have to bring a bunch of books in the car, it's all on one little device and frees up so much space in the car!	Lightning Charging Cable
I've had a number of kindles since inception and this one is fantastic. The back lighting works great and the device is responsive, light, and agile. I wish there was a way to delete ads after you've bought the device	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is my first e-reader. The screen has a nice feel to it. It reads really well. I don't like the fact that Amazon has total control of your purchases. I do not like the Amazon free unlimited book trial. They don't allow access to certain titles. So far I am able to find most of my book selections. I will be creating my own reading lists and want zero input from Amazon. The battery life seams to be awesome. Of course when you shut it off ads pop up. The kindle claims that it doesn't take up battery to display these ads. But they seem to mysteriously change on their own (even when it is turned off) Strange. It is super nice that you can read in the dark with this one. (Kindle Paperwhite) I like the fact it is small enough to carry around in a purse, yet big enough to read...the font is adjustable too, if you need bigger letters.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Kindle Paperwhite is great for reading any time, day or night (without needing a light!)... and any where, beach, bed, airplanes. So much more convenient, i.e. better, than carrying a book, or several books!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It's the best and closest you will get to a book but I still miss that feel of holding a book.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Value, Performance, ease of use, lightweight, what more could you want.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the first time I buy a kindle product. And the price is fairly good since I get the 20 discount! The screen reads like real papers. But the background light I think is not necessary because it will reduce the quality of reading.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my second Kindle. I wore out the first one! I truly enjoy the PaperWhite edition as I can read in bed without any other lights on.	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle is perfect for using on my commute. It is extremely lightweight and easy to use and it fits just about in any of my bags.	Lightning Charging Cable
I took it on vacation in the Bahamas and Bald Head and read in the sun and in the pool.	Lightning Charging Cable
replaced a lost one with this, nice upgrade to the older version	USB-C Charging Cable
As everyone else has stated. Easy to read with outside. Great for under the umbrella on the beach also.	Lightning Charging Cable
300 dpi screen is impressive. The only drawback is the front-lit is not even.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The reader does the job. Easy to use and easy to read.	20in Monitor
Great for reading in bed or reading on the beach in the sun (with or without sunglasses).	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is great to have numerous books right at your finger tips. Especially while traveling. Bought this for a backpacking trip and have used it nearly everyday since.	Wired Headphones
Great product and service at best buy great to help me purchase	Wired Headphones
This is a great buying experience from bestbuy. delivery is so fast and the product is amazing. Thumbs up for this product and bestbuy.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Exactly what I wanted, great reading at night or in a bright day.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy to use and can be read in direct sunlight	iPhone
I left my old kindle on an airplane and had to purchase a new one. This one is much easier to use. The controls are more intuitive and loading books from my library in the cloud is so easy now!	Lightning Charging Cable
I love the Amazon Paper White Kindle. I can take it anywhere and it's my entire library at my finger tips. I can read at night, in the glaring sun and even in the constant changes of the outdoor light. This is the perfect reader for on the go.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The paperwhite is significantly better to use for reading than any other brands.	Lightning Charging Cable
It protects my Kindall and I can take it and put it in my purse if not get scratch because I like to read my Kimball we have places waiting for people. And it's a nice color and it's very nice.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Wife's favorite of all the Kindles. She sold her Fire.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Exactly what was expected, easy to read, portable, good battery life. Has adds which are annoying but do not interfere with reading. Not idea for reading Manga or comics but works well enough.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my sister and she loves it! Much easier to read from than an IPad.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is small and lightweight which makes it great for road trips.Easy to read.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the most convenient of all the models I have used	Macbook Pro Laptop
Great kindle if you don't want to spend your money for the wifi .	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
well design and perfect size to carry along. What it does is to give you a quick access to e book and provide a better experience compared to view of phones	USB-C Charging Cable
This is great ebook reader Simple interface and easy to understand. Web browser is not that great but it serves great purpose for what it is made	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading on the beach very easy to use ad easytocarry aroumd.	Lightning Charging Cable
Replaced my wife's standard Kindle with the paper white edition. She loves the backlit screen.	USB-C Charging Cable
much faster than previous model, screen is super crisp and readable. No jaggies on the text.	Wired Headphones
great improvement over the earlier versions. Like the option of a lighted background and speed of loading	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great product for readers, low on eyes. Takes time to get used to.	27in FHD Monitor
Love the Kindle! Will allow me to travel with my favorite books all in one place	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I used to read books off my iPad but I love the Kindle so much more. Easier on my eyes, easier to take with me when I travel, overall so much better for reading!	iPhone
I enjoyed my kindle for years, but was a bit frustrated by needing a light on at night. Kindle paperwhite is a dream with its built in backlight. Not only can I read at night, but it is easier to read in daylight if the light is dim. The convenient size, ability to change fonts, font size and light intensity are super features!	Google Phone
Purchased as a gift. Works great. We love the kindle paperwhite because it can be read outside with no glare.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Old Kindle was not working consistently very well, so purchased an new Kindle Paperwhite that is backlit and it is a great improvement over my old Kindle...loveit!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Wanted to be able to read outdoors w/out glare and also at night w/out a light on. Already have laptop and smart phone so don't need another connected device. Works beautiful in all lighting conditions.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Replaced an older kindle with this new one. Great product. My wife really enjoys using it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Have used every iPad since the beginning including the Pro and never had success reading. Now I can read anywhere under any lighting conditions and the battery lasts forever! great on the road or at home. Test is so crisp and clean! I recommend purchasing with the cover to protect the screen.	Flatscreen TV
I had two kindles previously, I think 3rd gen white one with keyboard, cheapest kindle I won couple years back from a raffle, and finally purchased this paper white. So much easier on my eyes and my wife doesn't get bothered by a little bit of light it produces. I was a casual reader who reads one book every quarter and with paper white I read 1-2 books a month minimum.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I got the paperwhite as a replacement for my 1st generation Kindle. It has great features, but is still easy to use. I like that it is not backlit like a tablet, making it much easier on your eyes.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
My old kindle died, so I got a new one. There were only two options available, so I got the one that has a backlight. It's very easy to read on the beach in bright sunlight. And I love the backlight. It doesn't strain my eyes like the iPad does	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm glad I chose the kindle with lighting. I use it often in bed. No regrets here.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Daughter uses at college. She has a need for books to be read to her and this Kindle does this. It is GREAT!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it! I still can't get over how the kindle pages look like actual pages. Highly recommended for everyone!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Awesome product. Lightweight and easy to carry. Love it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really have enjoyed using my Kindle on airplanes. I can read without turning the overhead light on.	Wired Headphones
Awesome screen and battery life! Also lightweight and handy.	USB-C Charging Cable
"Bought this as a gift; I already have one and have been using it over a year. The Kindle works well, is reliable, and is easy to read in the dark."	iPhone
Kindle paperwhite comes with back light so it can be reader without enough light source. Since it uses e-ink, it can be read under bright light. Moreover, it is not costly at all.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
we have various versions of the kindle and this one is great. the screen quality is amazing and I think it makes this the best Kindle Paperwhite, and the price is great got it for less than a $100 with a best buy member deal	Google Phone
Very happy with this purchase which replaced a 3rd generation unit. Much easier on the eyes and very responsive to the touch. Takes a little to get used of the page foward/backward on this device but no big deal. The Reviews on Best Buy site were very instrumental in making this purchase.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have been reading my Kindle books on my phone for a few years now but the light from the phone was causing eye strain and I could not read for very long. That is no longer a problem using the Kindle. I was concerned about the lighting on it but it works great. It is adjustable for low and high light settings and I can read as long as I like with no eye strain. I use it every day!	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle Paperwhite was well worth the upgrade from my previous Kindle E-Reader. The touch screen capability makes it so much handier than turning pages and navigating with buttons, and the lighted display lets me sit and read wherever I like. These features use up battery a bit faster than the basic model, but recharging more frequently is not so bad considering the conveniences gained. I noticed one bothersome quirk, which is the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Sometimes it jumps ahead more than one page when I touch to turn. Checking online, I see that I'm not the only one experiencing this problem. If it continues or becomes more bothersome, I will contact Amazon customer service for a solution.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am very satisfied with it. It is exactly what I was looking for.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it for my wife and she loves it. Very convenient for travel.	Google Phone
The Kindle Paperwhite is reliable, holds a charge for weeks, is lightweight and easy to hold, allows you to read in bed at night without eye strain or bothering anyone (because of the backlit surface), and stores hundreds of books. What can I say? I love my Kindle, and this one was the second I have bought...this one as a gift for an elderly parent. She loves it! The font is easy to adjust for people who need large print. I take my Kindle everywhere so I am never bored whether I am waiting in the doctor's office or stuck in an airport overseas..	USB-C Charging Cable
This little guy is great at what it does, it lets me read lol, holds more books that I'll ever need and it just works	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle paperweight! It is great upgrade from the kindle touch	Vareebadd Phone
I love this Kindle. The backlight feature makes it very convenient.	Wired Headphones
This is my second Kindle Reader. Purchased the first one in 2011, but it was stolen this past Spring. So I purchase this Kindle Paperwhite. It is great No glare outside and it is easy to adjust the print size.	USB-C Charging Cable
The point of a kindle is to read it like a paper print and this product achieves that. I considered the higher level products but settled on this as the best value option. The product met expectation.	USB-C Charging Cable
This replaced an original iPad , Great Price and performance	Apple Airpods Headphones
love it. Bought it as gift for my nephew. Very convenient	Flatscreen TV
I own 4 Kindles and I love them all. Purchsed the new Paperwhite because it had free 3G just wish they would make the capacity larger	iPhone
If you are in sunlight you can still read with clarity, I don't need all the extras , this is perfect for reading books.	Apple Airpods Headphones
After being really hesitant on switching from hard copy books to a kindle I decided to go for it. Ever since I've used it I have loved it simplicity and how adapting it can be to light. Still love paper copied books, but kindle versions are much simpler.	Flatscreen TV
Great way to get books quickly 24/7 and easily. Battery life is good.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
In an effort to simply and cut down on the number of books I shelve and store I bought the paper white Kindle by Amazon. I had previously owned a Fire and it fatigued my eyes after reading and like my books ended up on a shelf. My parents swear by their Kindle Paper White's and so I decided to give it a try!I Love IT! Easy to read, easy on the eyes, I can read it in bed without keeping my wife awake, super lite and the battery lasts forever!	USB-C Charging Cable
Took it to the beach and read by the pool and was very easy to read	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
So glad I bought this!! Nice to have my books right there..so easy to go from one to another in a series.	iPhone
Purchased for daughter for school - meets all expectations.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Gave as a gift to my mother. She is highly pleased with it.	Wired Headphones
So happy with this Kindle! It's very easy to use, lightweight so you can carry it in your bag like you would with a paper book, except here you have an entire library with you.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my new reader. It took a while to sort out all of the functions as it is quite different from my old Kindle. Now however it goes with me everywhere. I especially like the back light that makes reading always easy.	Wired Headphones
Excellent device. Light weight and easy on eyes. Next time I'll get a black one instead of the white to minimize glare in sunlight.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have a cell, a tablet, and now my 4th (?) Kindle. I did NOT want to but this one because the only problem I had with my last one was that something happened to the charging port...i.e., it wouldn't charge.But, I will will always have a kindle because the battery lasts soooooooooo much longer than the battery on my cell and my tablet. I've been taken to task because I have all three and (according to my critics) that is a waste. My choice...get over it.	Lightning Charging Cable
My family loves the Kindle Paperwhite. Prefer to read on this more than the fruity tablet. Great for outside, so my dog loves it too!! Lightweight, easy to use, lots of books to choose from. No complaints.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love this device! It works so well and is easy on the eyes. Having on device hold all of my books and being able to get new books so easily is the best feature for someone like me who is an avid reader.	Flatscreen TV
I purchased a Kindle reader a few years ago and wasn't impressed but this one is much lighter and has an easier to read screen...and it's backlit for night reading. This one is a keeper.	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought this Kindle for our son... he's moving up in the high school years and more books are required for reading so instead of buying books or waiting for availability at the local library it was the smart choice... download and read!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love the Paperwhite and we have had Kindles in the house for years. This Paperwhite is as snappy as the Voyage and while it doesn't have that smooth glass screen, it also doesn't have the extra $100 or so price tag. It's a great piece of tech that often goes on sale. Get it when it does. It's well worth it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this since it has a special discount for elite plus members	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for my son for his summer reading. Kindle is working great.	Apple Airpods Headphones
For the price, the Kindle Paperwhite was a great upgrade to the old Kindle. The back light was a plus when using on a plane, and the charged lasted throughout the two week trip.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was pretty hesitant at first when looking to purchase a Kindle. There is just something about having a physical book in your hands while reading and seeing the progress in how far you've gotten into the book. Being a person who is always reading on the go, at work, and in the dark at home when others are sleeping, the Kindle has been awesome.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very good reading gadget.. delivers all I need. Size and shape good for take anywhere.	Wired Headphones
It took me a while to break down and finally buy a digital book, I'm a big fan of paper books. I love the Kindle so far! I wanted an eReader that I could only read books on, no apps or games, that's what my phone is for, and so far I am very happy :)	20in Monitor
Love it very easy for young readers. Would definitely recommend	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
They love kindle. Ease of downloading the books they love and the battery life is so long, they just love it. Kindle transformed the way people carry books (reading). This is a light weight kindle, excellent display and awesome battery power. I would highly recommend for kids/ family/ everyone who loves to read a lot.	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle is much faster than my old one. Great buy.	iPhone
I just love my kindle fire but it's a little heavy to carry with me. That's why I wanted to buy the kindle paperwhite. It's light weight so it fits nicely in my purse or my work bag.I just love the no glare, I'm able to read at night or outside, at work on lunch break. It's great glad I did buy it. Worth every penny.	Lightning Charging Cable
Best kindle I'd had yet, and i've had almost all of them. The lighting doesn't affect your sleep like a tablet and the page turns are instantaneous. Nice and lightweight too	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the back lit screen for reading in all sorts of lighting situations.	USB-C Charging Cable
Light weight, adjustable brightness, no glare, long battery life.This is a great way to read a book!	Flatscreen TV
I use the device while riding a stationary bike and elliptical trainer. Perfect for that use. When using it other times I would prefer a larger screen. But this is a very good lower cost item.	USB-C Charging Cable
Taking some time to figure it all out but I love it!!	Wired Headphones
If you like to read books, I totally recommend this product. I love reading books and the kindle paperwhite really helps. I used to read books on the iPad all the time but it would strain my eyes. After reading all the reviews I decided it was finally time to get a ereader. Since I had my iPad already I just needed one to strictly read books, so I got the paperwhite. It is so nice to read from especially in the sun. It's almost like reading from the actual book. It's the perfect size to read in one hand and stores so many books, even some for my child. It's also great for traveling. I have all my books on hand no matter where I go. There are only two cons to the paperwhite. One is that the touch screen is not that receptive as compared to an iPad. At times it doesn't register my swipes or taps. The other con is that it's only black and white. It really isn't a problem when I'm reading, just for the children's books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second Kindle reader. My first one wasn't back lite. I love that I can read outside in the sunshine or in bed with no light on. It is a great item if you like to read. I haven't bought an actual book in years!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love this device, long battery life, very useful, great for on the go lifestyles, love the backlight and the overall clarity	iPhone
It's easy to carry and super device for all books.	Lightning Charging Cable
Gave as a gift to my wife. She loves the size. Good battery life. Now needs to find a cover for it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I had the original Kindle for years and when it finally crashed I was heartbroken. I don't like to change once I get used to something so having to go out and buy a new Kindle was hard but I need my books. The paperwhite is great because the light is built in so I didn't need to hunt down a lighted cover. The reason I went with the paperwhite is because I can't read with my glasses on it gives me a headache and that model you are still able to adjust the font.It works great in sunlight I read on beach for 2 days while on vacation. It transfered all my books from the old kindle as soon as I registered it also so I still have my library.I am glad to say after being skeptical of change it was a great decission.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
bought this as a gift for my daughter who is very ill and has to be confined to indoors mostly and she loves it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very easy to use. I have downloaded three books and I am enjoying reading them.	Macbook Pro Laptop
this is a good product for daily use, we like it till now.	USB-C Charging Cable
This newer version has better back lighting, also much easier to use. I definitely would recommend this for those who want a dedicated reader. The battery life is much improved too.	Lightning Charging Cable
My wife and I love our Kindles when cruising or out at the beach. They work great in sun and are compact and travel well.	Wired Headphones
Way easier than carrying a ton of books, easy to read from and convenient to use	Wired Headphones
I purchase this product to give it away as a gift, good product overall	USB-C Charging Cable
I like this one because it has vocabulary list, you can save new words in vocabulary list and review them until you master new words.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Having a Kindle is awesome. It makes it very easy to read and I gobbled up over 800 pages before I had to charge it for the first time since I got it. Great purchase!	Macbook Pro Laptop
Needed a set of cheap speakers for a secondary computer. Couldn't get much cheaper and to my surprise they were easy to install and the sound quality is wonderful.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really appreciate the new design and features of the new Kindle Paperwhite. It makes spending time reading time well spent. Comfortable in your hand and easy on your eyes. Very enjoyable!	Flatscreen TV
works great in bright sun also. downloads fast and is compact so I can take it anywhere.	Lightning Charging Cable
The screen is perfect for me to read all my favorite books.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This device has so many great features. I love how it stays charged for so long and the font can be enlarged for easier reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as an upgrade to the kindle fire that I bought my wife 3 years ago. She says that it is easier to read and loves the smaller size.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle because it's so convenient when I want a new book. I can download it right away from the device and even check out books from the library. The battery lasts a long time. I've only charged it twice since I've had it and I read almost every night. I keep it on airplane mode to conserve extra battery.	27in FHD Monitor
While reading might be a bit easier on the Paperwhite, navigating on it drove me nuts. The touch screen is annoying and has limited functionality. I tried to like it. I just couldn't. It's sitting unused while I use a less expensive Fire.	27in FHD Monitor
Love the compact size, ease to read, ability to easily access library and back lighting makes this a great product.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the paperwhite! It took me a long time to get used to an e-reader, but the paperwhite won me over. The battery lasts forever. It has a light so you can read in bed. Font size is adjustable. It's SO lightweight, and it feels good in your hand. Great on your eyes. Easy to use. You can bring all the books you want with you when you travel. I have an android tablet, and an ipad, and I prefer to read the kindle paperwhite. No contest!	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love this Kindle. It syncs without needing to prompt for it, downloads new books quickly and the backlighting is effective even at low levels so I don't disturb my sleeping husband when I want to read in bed. Its compact and lightweight size make it easy to carry anywhere and comfortable to hold.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The high resolution screen is noticeably easier to read, and the user interface is well thought out.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love my new paperwhite Kindle reader . Easy to read anywhere with touch screen pages and built in light.	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife and I love our kindles because they're great out in the sun on cruises, at the beach or when sitting on the couch.	iPhone
A great gift for someone in college because the digital books are so much cheaper then paper back.	USB-C Charging Cable
The kindle paperweight is a nice sized tablet good for reading in any lighting. You're able to see it in the bright sun light as well as the dim lit room	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
There is nothing else left on the eink market anyway but the Amazon Kindle. It still doesn't support epub format of course, Amazon doesn't like competition. It is built OK, moderately cheap plastic, but no squeaking at least. Contrast is OK, I had Nook and it is on par. I can't imagine how bad the regular Kindle would be though. This one with 300 dpi is just OK. Scrolling is fast enough, it has integrated vocabulary. No home menu or other physical buttons though, besides the home Kindle one - the UI is not completely responsive when you try to go to your Library, instead home brings you to Amazon Kindle page, where you are overwhelmed with advertisement.My biggest dislike is the volume of advertisement and thus the convoluted interface. It is WAY worse then Nook, which is much more reading-centric.A lot of cheap and free books are available on Amazon, especially with Prime membership. It can be linked to public library for ebooks as well.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle is everything I expected it to be and fits all the needs that I had of this item	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is perfect for those that just want to read books anytime, anywhere! Great battery life.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased as a birthday present for my brother and was an upgrade for a previous model. I did not use is but he loves it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The paperwhite is so cool. I don't know why I didn't get it sooner.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Best reader i think for the price. The only thing amazon needs to work on is the user experience. Make it a little easier to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Extremely easy to use and to purchase. The touch screen works well and the auto on-off is very helpful. Love the ability to just close and system is off and not using battery.	Google Phone
Easy to use...lightweight. Easy to read. prefer this font to that of ipad or computer	USB-C Charging Cable
Would prefer hardware buttons and wish you could access public library digital book. Other than that works great in the dark.	Apple Airpods Headphones
We bought this Kindle as a graduation gift for a relative and she loves it. It is easy to carry, fits in her purse and she has been able to easily load books on it! This was a perfect gift!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
As a travelling salesman, I spend a lot of time on planes, trains, and buses -meaning I have a lot of free time to read. It's really good quality as it has lasted me almost a year which is a new record for electronic devices for me. I would definitely recommend this because it's simple to use, it is lightweight, and durable.	Wired Headphones
Easy on the eyes for night time reading. Is a little slow, lags a little. Otherwise great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great travel companion. Long battery life and easy to use.	Flatscreen TV
Love the ease to use,the back light, and the size. Previous kindle died after 10 years was worried I would not like the changes but now I read even more because of the ease of using and light.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I broke my Kindle Voyage after almost two years. My heart was as broken as the glass cover!After looking at the latest line of Kindles I decided to try the latest Paperwhite as it had the same screen resolution and was a lot cheaper. Plus, a white model to match my other white/silver gadgets! It does have a few less LEDs for backlighting, no flush glass cover (but that is what broke), no auto-adjusting light (that never quite worked anyway), squeezy sides, and a tiny bit heavier/bigger than the Voyage. The Voyage also has had no hardware updates since it was released and the new crazy-expensive Kindle uses leather and has no not-leather option for people who don't like their high tech wrapped in animal skins. So instead of saving up for a while and reading on my phone, I sprung for the Paperwhite.I've been using this for about a month and the quality has impressed me. I don't miss the glass cover as much as I thought I would, although sometimes pet hair will get caught between the bezel and the screen and need to be pulled out. The screen is great, doesn't clash with the white casing, and although not quite as even a backlight as the Voyage, still much better value for what you get. The software is essentially the same, and Amazon has been slowly improving Kindle software for all the recent models.If you like Amazon for books, I highly recommend this Kindle. You can't beat it for price/value and it really doesn't feel any heavier even after an hour or two curled up with your books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My husband prefers the Paperwhite model over the Voyager because it is easier for him to hold in his big fat fingers since it has a larger frame so more room for the fingers. And Kindle Paperwhite and Voyager models are much easier to read for long hours than tablets (easier on the eyes). I have an iPad and still have a Kindle for reading. I highly recommend the Kindle Paperwhite and Voyager models.	Flatscreen TV
Absolutely love it! Battery life lasts long and great screen with the back light.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love the paper while kindle. I can read at night without a table light on.	Lightning Charging Cable
I did not think I would prefer an Ereader to an actual book, but I do. It is easy to read, easy to pause, east to start back. I do feel that it is a little awkward to hold and ill be ordering a leather cover case.	USB-C Charging Cable
Was reviewing offers across all the sites and ended buying from BestBuy. Service was fast as expected. Product was packed properly.	Lightning Charging Cable
I'm not big reader. Since the purchase, I have been reading a lot more! Even recipies!! I love this kindle! My boyfriend bought one the exact same time, then bought some cute cases for them.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a very good item and I would recommend highly.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love my Kindie Paperwhite - it's light weight and small enough to carry in my purse.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great Item, I read in the dark without strain and never disturb my wife's sleep, User friendly and durable. I've not been a reader until now, have several books but it's at night when I have time to read but have to have a light on, This has been the Game Changer. Two Thumbs Up!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I spent a lot of time resisting the Kindle and using the app on my iPad but I took the plunge on the Paperwhite for a long trip I wanted to use my iPad for TV while reading. The paperwhite is crisp, you can read it through day and night and downloads books with a quickness. I never would have thought such a simple device ended up taking priority over everything on my list of travel gear.Whether I'm on a red-eye or sitting on my back porch in the day, I can see the text comfortably and crisply. Really love this reader. Don't cheap out on the one without the backlight!	USB-C Charging Cable
"I got this for my teenage ""son"" who has really gotten into reading. The device is durable and easy to use. He is really happy to take a pile of books with him wherever he goes."	Google Phone
I got this as a gift for my mom. She loves it. I highly recommend it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We have been looking into buying it for kids for some time and they love it	Wired Headphones
I wanted to avoid the excessive blue light created by I-Pads, phones, and other color electronic devices. This lets me read right up till bedtime with no problems.	20in Monitor
I like the reduced size, the touchscreen and the built-in light of Kindle peperwhite. But I used to have a Kindle 2nd edition device, which supported background music and audible content.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great for reading! Light is perfect and does not hurt your eyes. If you are always on the go the Kindle is for you!	Wired Headphones
I purchased it for a gift but i have to do all the up keep and maintaining. I've been a long time prime member who has many kindle books. I see this can be good for reading out side, it's lighter than a tablet and you don't have to charge it alot, the battery lasts a long time...Setup is straight forward and doesnt take alot of instruction to use it. It displays adds while its off, but it didn't bother me at all. It took me but a few minutes to setup and learn how to use the device.If you have prime you should see all your books right away but If you don't have prime but have someone in your house that does you have to setup a household and share everything to my wife so she was able to see all the books that i had purchased (i can be selective after they are shared). One thing i noticed was there is the kindle lending library, it only allows 1 book to be borrowed per month. Recently Amazon came up with Prime Reading, so you can take out multiple books at a time but you have to do it thru the web or a tablet or phone using the kindle app, which after they are taken out the kindle will see.	Lightning Charging Cable
I prefered reading actual books over reading digitally, because the screen made my eyes hurt. However, the kindle paperwhite isn't designed like a regular digital reader, it so different. I could read it for hours and my eyes won't hurt.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great gift for my daughter. She's a big time reader, it saves a lot of space and money.	Vareebadd Phone
My first kindle. Really like it. Glad I bought it!	Lightning Charging Cable
For those who truly just want an EReader, the kindle gets the job done. No glare , easy to use.	Wired Headphones
I bought this to replace an old model Kindle. The only reason was so that I could have a good reading light for bedtime reading. This Kindle accomplishes that very well.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy and comfortable to use, almost use it every day. I would recommend this to anyone loves a book.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I had a kindle 2 and liked it for years. The paperwhite is much smaller, but with a bigger screen. The backlight feature is fantastic!	Lightning Charging Cable
I absolutely LOVE the Kindle Paperwhite. The battery life is great - reading a half hour to an hour a day it lasts 2-3 weeks. Screen backlight is very easy on the eyes and adjustable in brightness. This is one of my best tech purchases.	27in FHD Monitor
I love my Kindle!! I have gotten so spoiled that if I can't get a book on my Kindle, I don't read it.	USB-C Charging Cable
for those of us that truly just want to read literature and do not necessarily need to browse the web this is a must have.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great product and excellent battery life. The backlight is an added bonus that I didn't know I need or wanted until I had.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great kindle for everyone who loves to read highly recommend and what i like is you can enlarge print to fit your needs.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Paper white is worth every penny! I was upgrading from the regular kindle to this and noticed that my eyes are more relaxed...	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice item. Only drawback, occasional pauses upon turning page or creating bookmark.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It came with loaded advertisement is the only negative.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
very convenient, perfect size and easy on the eyes. I never though I would stop reading paperbacks, but this makes reading a library of different books much more convenient.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading in bright sunlight or night settings. Must for avid readers.	Lightning Charging Cable
Those who enjoy reading! Has great life span on the battery and enjoy having access to a interior light for easy reading.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Had glitches and screen-touch sensitivity issues with the previous kindle ( the basic kindle) however, this is definitely worth the cost for an upgrade above it. Very user friendly and hassle free.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Paperwhite is so much easier to use than the classic Kindle. The Back light & touch screen are definitely worth the upgrade.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"Not for the average computer person. Very confusing instructions. I spent several hours trying to install the ""overdrive"" so I could get e-books from the library. Ran the battery down several times with no luck. I got so disgusted I had to just put it down. (I'm still trying because I refuse to give up) Thinking about just returning it and the nice leather case too!)"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for reading in sunlight. Lightweight and battery lasts a long time!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I've had every Kindle since they came out and have been impressed by the innovation, design, and overall quality. This one is the exception on all counts. Lightning issues on the bottom of the reader are distracting and I don't see a visible difference from the older models. Evidently, production is of higher value than quality.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is now my third kindle reader. I have been exceedingly impressed with them. The paper white is the best so far. So happy that I no longer need the bulky clip on lights to read at night!	Wired Headphones
This is my second kindle ...second paper white bought for my niece. Love the ease of reading without the distractions you get on tablets	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I always read books on paper and thought it would not be the same to use a kindle, but now I'm totally happy with it. Thanks to it now I read more when commuting, traveling, ... as it is a very handy and light product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is highly recommended for someone who loves reading. Easy set up, lots of books to download.I have iPad, but this beats reading experience hands down.One downside is that the new Kindle Paperwhite has lower battery life compared to it's previous generation. Hence only 4 star.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is great tablet for reading purpose. Easy to download, surf and read the desired books with great text quality. On top of that, it comes with affordable price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very good device for reading. Love the screen. Makes reading easy and comforatble	27in FHD Monitor
I love this kindle and its screen which is good for low light reading and also in sunlight.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Super light and love the color. Very easy too carry around :)	ThinkPad Laptop
Very easy to use. Very convenient and lightweight.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle works great for reading outdoors while enjoying the summer weather. My wife loves that font size can be increased so she doesn't need her reading glasses. The kindle automatically adjusts to light. Weather inside or out the Kindle is always easy to read. Opens books right where you left off, regardless of the number of books you read at one time. Highly recommend.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use,battery lasts forever, and Compatible with public library downloads to amazon	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Preferred my old style and size because the new style did not fit withyour old case that was new	27in FHD Monitor
I own a business in finance and need to read a lot on varied subjects. the kindle enables me to find referenced books and download them in a few seconds. I haven't tried but apparently you can even upload your own pdfs. The fonts and screen resolution and lighting are extremely pleasant, and it is easier to hold than a book. I removed 1 star because the highlighting and note taking systems can get laggy, images are sometimes hard to zoom on, and you can't copy paste a quote. But overall because of the access and convenience it offers I highly recommend it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am very pleased with the paper white Kindle e reader. Love the back up light as I can read no matter what lighting I'm in. The only drawback for me is there is no text to speech. Please bring that back!!	27in FHD Monitor
I bought this Kindle Paperwhite for my wife for her birthday. She doesn't always have an easy time with technology, so I wanted to make sure that it was simple to use. The Paperwhite was very easy to set up and she downloaded two books the first day, one from the library and one purchased. She now takes it everywhere with her and loves it. Mission Accomplished.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect size, easily readable screen, and crisp text.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great expirience reading from a deviceGood for your eyes	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Much better than it he earlier Kindles no more messing with lights	Apple Airpods Headphones
It would be nice if it had a text list of books, like my old kindle. The cover graphics are too small to read. This is the only reason for four stars, and not five. Other than that, I like this better because of the great resolution and contrast, as well as the built in LED's for reading at night.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is the greatest reader! Its super light weight, fast at downloading books and very user friendly. I have charged it once in the 2 months I have had it. Excellent battery life.	USB-C Charging Cable
The greatest kindle I have ever owned, Would be great for kids also	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the fact, I can read in bed at night, and the backlight is adjustable so it does not bother my husband sleeping. Only negative is it takes a few longer seconds then I would like to power off.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I HATE this machine. First, I specifically asked the salesperson if I could connect to the internet. He assured me I could. It does not. Second complaint is that you can't just press the book and delete it. You have to go to Amazon to do this. I hated it so much I gave it away.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like this reader. It is very easy to load books onto it, even from my local library. It's easy to adjust the font and size. It keeps track of your place in the book. You can choose what language you want the dictionary in which makes it great to read something in a foreign language. You can set it up so that when you select a word, it will give you the translation.	Wired Headphones
Purchased to replace an older model that died during a software update (lost wifi connection during the download, bricking the kindle). This model has 300dpi, up from 220 on the previous model. With text it is barely, if at all, noticeable. With any kind of graphics or cover images, the increase in resolution is nicer. Unfortunately the lighting remains uneven at the bottom of the screen as it was in the previous generation. The voyager model supposedly has better lighting but at twice the price it wasn't worth it to me. And the uneven bottom lighting isn't bad, but it is there and I would have thought Amazon would have fixed that by now. Maybe it is a limitation of having 4 light sources vs the 6 on the voyager. Still, the lighting is not bad and this is a very nice eReader. Noticed the background is a touch more beige than the grey on the previous model which is a welcome subtle change, easier on the eyes. Like too that the font is a dark grey versus pitch black which also reduces eye strain especially for those with dyslexia who can be sensitive to harsh contrasts. Overall, highly recommended. Best eReader for the price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my wife. Uses it everyday and performs great regardless of where your reading just like it's suppose to	Macbook Pro Laptop
This Kindle is great. Customer service rep for technical questions---not so much.	USB-C Charging Cable
The screen is cool. Much better than the basic kindle. Very similar to the kindle voyage. If you want a really reading experience, you need a kindle.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is my third one, don't use anything else for reading books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this Kindle for a friend. In fact, it's the third Kindle I have purchased for friends. It's light and can be used at the beach or in the dark. It's easy to use and worth the money.	Lightning Charging Cable
Easy to operate once you get the hang of it! Loooooove that it lights up so no reading light is needed. I love reading so I don't need the games, movies etc that the Fire has.	Wired Headphones
I bought the kindle for my son he go to the college he like	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's a surprise to getting this kindle in this price. And it's a great device to read books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Described as its written and good price. Very helpful staff.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love this item because my three children can use it ages 11 to 15. The screen is fenomenal.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
We still have one of the original Kindles, and the upgraded features on the new Kindle are great: being able to change the brightness, able to read it in the dark, seeing page numbers in addition to % completed. This Kindle seemed easier to use and more intuitive than the original.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I was attracted by the price of the base Kindle but in the end opted for the Paperwhite as it was illuminated and had rounded edges which felt more comfortable. Definitely worth the extra few dollars in my opinion. My local library offers free loans of ebooks which I have been taking advantage of. There are also many free books online - samples and classics with expired copyrights. Battery life is good and the device is lightweight. Even in bright ambient light you get minimal screen glare. I prefer this to a physical book which I never expected.	USB-C Charging Cable
Loved it. Perfect type of lighting and so lightweight!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have had a paperwhite kindle before and I wore it out. I love the paperwhite so much I bought another one. its my 3rd kindle. loved them all. no better way then to read with the paperwhite and not bother your bed mate.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my dad because he loves to read but, sometimes, it's difficult to get to the library in the Winter. So far, he's loving it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great device for reading books. I was using a Tablet for that but the screen on this is far easier on your eyes for long extended use.	Wired Headphones
This Kindle is awesome! Put off getting one for way too long. Light weight and cute. Fits in a purse or bag and you hardly know it is there. Reading is simple and easy. Downloading books is a breeze! Don't hesitate to get this Kindle. You will love it.	Flatscreen TV
I didn't need to review the product because I alread had one. I purchased the kindle for my wife for our anniversary and she loves it. The best part is you can read it outside in the bright sun or inside .We rarely buy paper books anymore!	Wired Headphones
Battery life is excellent. Lasts days. No glare when reading outside	27in FHD Monitor
It is my first e-reader then I cannot compare it with others. However, in comparison to tablets, the most importance thing is you enjoy reading your book without any eyestrain.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased it with a discounted price and now it seems pretty worthy and durable. Kindle's the best and most comfortable e-reader for my everyday use. I love it and put it in my bag everyday.	USB-C Charging Cable
I used to read on my ipad, this is so much better on my eyes and lighter to hold.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Wife is happy. As they say happy wife, happy life.	ThinkPad Laptop
I prefer the deficated e-readers to tablets for reading. I have both this Paoerwhite and a current-gen Nook Glow Light. I really like the Glow Light — especially its rugged construction — and I still use it, but the Paperwhite is better.The Glow Light has no bevel and a touch-sensitive button on the front. This means I am constantantly turning the page or returing to the home screen by accident. It's very annoying, and I have a hard time finding a comfortable way to hold it. It seems like I'm always thinking about where my fingers are. I do not have this problem at all on the Paperwhite.The Paperwhite is a great little reader for the money. I would definitely buy another.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Have basic kindle and operation of Paperwhite is much different, catching on as I use it. Nice unit.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great reading tool. Works great under strong light	USB-C Charging Cable
Kindle is perfect for reading, this white version is really attractive to me	Lightning Charging Cable
As expected, light and easy to carry around. Also easy to order books with an Amazon account	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"Kindle is still the top ereader. My first one finally ""wore"" out from years of daily use. It was so light to hold and to travel with. Battery life was great and it was so easy to read in daylight. This updated model is so much better. The backlight is a great improvement and is such a delight to use at night while reading in bed. This basic model is really all you need for reading books"	Apple Airpods Headphones
This was purchased to replace a 1st generation Kindle. The Paperwhite is far superior to my old Kindle, display is easier to read in any lighting scenario and page turning is much better.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's small enough to fit in my purse with ease. The back lighting works well in darker areas and i just love using it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Small, compact and perfect for travel. Able to be read while the sun is shining directly on it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is the kindle to buy. Great resolution and a backlight is great. The higher end Kindle's don't justify the price difference. Use it all time time and love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I'm very happy with this kindle. Is light and easy to carry everywhere. I like to read at nights and this is way better than having a light on.	ThinkPad Laptop
Lost mine in an airplane and now feel relieved after getting a new one	ThinkPad Laptop
Love it!! I have had other readers and this is the best one by far!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased to replace old Kindle. Was surprised at cost difference, though.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Awesome. I love to read and I use it everyday. Easy to read at night in dark.	27in FHD Monitor
My late stepmother had a Kindle Fire that she used to read her electronic novels and my wife loved how much easier they were to read than on the iPads. Lots of great reviews of the Kindle Paperwhite so this will be a great Christmas gift this year!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like the fact that I don't have to carry books anymore, just this little device and I have a lot of books in hand.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The light is adjustable and easy on the eyes. A great way to read without disturbing your partner.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle paperwhite arrived on time. The screen looks sharper compared to regular kindle.	Lightning Charging Cable
"The main criticism/feedback I have about all electronics has to do with batteries. I feel all batteries could be replaceable (& rechargeable, of course). This is not always the case. So, unless electronic recycling is available, feasible & non-damaging to the planet; that's a bit of a blow. I still feel, technology is great &this is no exception. Downloading non-Kindle items is a little more involved; but still possible. I've used &like the feature of downloading my own documents. I've done more reading than I have in many months due to the Kindle. It's easy to read anywhere. Font size &back lighting are adjustable which creates an ideal reading situation, regardless of circumstances. Wasn't sure about the size (6""); after reading 4-5 books; the size is perfect in my hand."	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this for my girlfriend and she loves it! The paperwhite version makes the screen look like you are reading an actual book. Also,there are a lot of ebook deals daily and she definitely loves that aspect of having a kindle too.	Wired Headphones
Still adjusting...had kindle fire and liked the ease of touch for turning pages, definitions and location in book. Paper weight is Much more difficult to maneuver, doesn't seem to be as touch sensitive as the fire. I have to repeatedly touch screen to get page to turn and definition accessibility also takes more work. Also, bookmarking doesn't seem to stay on page.	USB-C Charging Cable
My wife has a regular tablet but screen is not good for outside reading at the beach or pool. Got her theKindle Paperwhite and she is thrilled. Great purchase!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this e-reader during black friday and am very happy with it thus far. It is thin, light weight, and very portable. Highly recommended for casual and avid readers out there.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Got as a gift for my wife and she loves it. Easy to read in dim lit room plus the battery life on it is amazing	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
She loves her kindle and reads it every night. I am Looking forward to seeing her face when she opens this in a couple weeks - better screen and WiFi that works. The old one lost WiFi connection in an update or something but works with USB, its about 4 years old. Even with those issues she loves the old one. So this one is going to be spectacularly awesome and the new screen and features are gonna be so appreciated....	Wired Headphones
Perfect reader. Low back light means no eye fatigue. Could read all day and night if anyone wrote something new and interesting	Flatscreen TV
Got this for my mother in law and she loves it. It's easy on your eyes and it is very user friendly.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased this for my wife as she is the reader in the family. Perfect is what she says. With Amazon prime even better with a selection of free books.	20in Monitor
love this kindle. love the backlight in screen as well can read at night in bed without disturbing my husband	Wired Headphones
I absolutely love my Kindle Paperwhite. I especially love the fact that the light doesn't bother my husband at night while I am reading in bed.	Wired Headphones
My 2nd generation Kindle finally died so I bought the Paperwhite as a replacement Love the size, weight, screen feel and best of all the backlighting. Can't go wrong with a Kindle Paperwhite!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I love how clear and bright the display is. Also love how light it is.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Wife had the earlier version without the light. This one does the joband lets me go to sleep while she reads. Best money I ever spent to get out of the dog house.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great item for book readers. Very happy with purchase as i love to read.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is my first e-reader. It makes reading fun again. With Prime reading and my local library, I have many free reading options available to me. Easy to read in both bright sunshine and in the dark. Get one!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I looked around at multiple e-readers and am so glad I chose the kindle paperwhite. It is very easy to read from and the backlighting still let's me read without having to turn on a light. I greatly enjoy it and certainly recommend it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
at first i bought this because i was tired of carrying heavy cookbooks but turns out its better suited for more novel-type books. i realized that cookbooks need to be 'flippable' -where i can just sit and flip back and forth. however this is great if you have long flights often- light and easy on the eyes. i love being able to change the brightness easily	Wired Headphones
Having a new kindle is always nice but not much is improved.	Wired Headphones
Contemplated getting a Kindle Paperwhite for several months before purchasing. My Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic! It is light-weight, easy to handle, and worth every penny I paid for it. The first thing I did was download (free) books I never had the opportunity to read.... mainly classics, books on philsophy, government, and leadership. I love that I can take it with me and read to my heart's content. Made a great decision when I made this purchase.	Google Phone
I am so happy with my new Kindle. The ability to use it in bed or lowlight is great without disturbing my wife. The download is fast and easy.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a gift for my wife, and she loves it! The battery life is excellent, the resolution is great and it is light weight in her bag for the daily commute. Only knock is that it does not include a wall charger connection, just the USB cord, but that is very minor.	Flatscreen TV
We bought this for my wife who loves to read. She always has it with her and doesn't put it down! Great product	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love to use it everyday. Inside light is useful at night	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great price on toothbrush. Been using a couple weeks and see results aready.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Works so well I wore out my old one and had to have another	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I read lots and this one is the best so far!!!!!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
I have a kindle paperwhite 2 before and just updated my machine. The recent machine presents much more clear and reaches 300 ppi. Besides the price is much more welcome	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
You can read in the sun! It holds more books than I can carry. And you can read your own PDF files	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased as a gift for my 83 year old mother. It proved to be simple to use. She is very comfortable using the device and the option for large screen print has given her back the joy of reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the paperwhite. I had one of the first versions of the kindle that had the keyboard and loved it. Only downfall was it was not backlit. The paperwhite is and it is awesome!	USB-C Charging Cable
With no need for a tablet here, this was perfect!!! Love that the pages softly glow.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Kindle does everything as advertised. Easy on the eyes and great in sunlight.	iPhone
I have enjoyed reading my books on this reading device. I recommend it to everyone I know	Apple Airpods Headphones
Even better price. The paperwhite is awesome! Buy it!	Macbook Pro Laptop
oh my gosh so love this kindle - I was not going to purchase it at this time but I could not pass up the price - and the advances it has made over the previous kindles. this one has a lot more bells and whistles and is much easier to use! and the lighting is much better with this one too!! so glad I bought this kindle	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is my second kindle but this one is light years ahead of my first. The refresh rate is so much quicker and the back light makes reading a pleasure. I prefer this to my IPad mini.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
bought for my friends, but good enough! why need so many comments?	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
As a book snob/purist - I put off buying a kindle for ages. After doing a lot of travelling and lugging around paperbacks, I decided it was time to grow up and get over it. While it may not have the satisfaction of turning a physical page, it makes up for it by weighing practically nothing, only having to have one hand free and being able to read it outdoors. Battery life is amazing - will last over a month with moderate use. Have been trying to convince all the other book lovers in my family to get one!.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased the reader for my wife to replace her old reader. The old reader was the 1st edition. The paperwhite is amazing. It is much lighter and the page is much clearer. My wife is an avid reader and really loves her Kindle.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product. Love that I can download Kindle Unlimited and read for $9.99 per month....a great savings.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This makes reading really easy! Great gift for the book reader in your life.	Wired Headphones
I like the paper white for reading because it doesn't have the glare like all the tablets with color and it makes reading feel like you are reading from a paper book without all the weight	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"My first tablet! I was surprised it's just like my Samsung phone, and actually can sync programs and data with it. The wireless is great; I have no need for cell capabilities. It would be more power usage to search for cell, and most places I can use wi-fi. I use it as an alternative Kindle reader with the Kindle app. I also was amazed to find a free Microsoft Office Word, Powerpoint, and Excel, etc, although I haven't used them. This Tab A is sometimes kind of slow, but it was about $100 on sale, and great for the price. Very versatile. I'm very happy with it. I haven't needed extra memory yet, but good to know I can expand it with a microSD card."	ThinkPad Laptop
I will buy another one. Very convenient and portable.	Wired Headphones
Bought for wife because I had one. Hers was an older Kindle that was about to fail.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Anti-glare is awesome. Clear and bright. Touchscreen is nice!	USB-C Charging Cable
Very easy to use and it's everything that I wanted and thought it would be	Lightning Charging Cable
I can read it outside in the sunshine and get a tan and enjoy a good book!!!	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the best gift a reader can receive. Easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO YOU. This product is really light and portable. You can carry it to café or library for reading. There is no harm to your eyes because of it specific technology. The only drawback is that it will flash when you turn the page. But this is the common problem for this kind of reading stuff. I think it is acceptable. I bought on the price of 99 with a 25 discount. So it really worth it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Best electronic reader. The base kindle is hard to read because the lack of light and the other readers and apps just don't offer the quality experience and feel of the kindle paperwhite.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Don't buy this if u don't read books also very rarely read the book	USB-C Charging Cable
this is my second kindle. I would be lost without it. It is so convenient to just throw in my purse and take it along wherever I go. I love it.	iPhone
I bought this for one of my friends who loves reading books. I have to say this product is wonderful because it looks like real paper. very comfortable reading experience. It is also very light, beyond my expectation. I recommend this.	Wired Headphones
The reading seems to be clearer than the other version. It is much lighter.The Wi-Fi connection seems to be better.	USB-C Charging Cable
Amazing for travel or being able to read when your partner turns out the lights.	USB-C Charging Cable
Best E-book reader. You can purchase books from any provider other than Amazon and send it to your kindle e-mail account.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Kindle with a built in light makes it so easier! Comes with a first year warranty with Kindle's purchase.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
amazing good quality great sound incredible range love it	iPhone
I purchased as a replacement E-Reader to my Alurek. I could not download E-books on to my new MacBook and do not want to read books on my MacBook. I love the size, feel and back light of the Paper White. Glad I purchased it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I mean it's a great product for what you get, little on the expensive side	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I am so glad I purchased the Paperwhite. It makes reading better at night because of little glare and dimmer than my Fire or Ipad. Was finding it hard to justify buying it but I'm really glad I did!	Wired Headphones
I had this device for few weeks before returning it and getting the Kindle Voyage. But the only difference between the two is the design, page press buttons and the auto dimming light as they both have the same screen. After purchasing this device, I immediately devoured three books in the course of a weekend. Which, sadly, is more than I've read in about two years. This device has reinvigorated my live for reading since it is so portable and the battery lasts for quite a while. I would suggest that you get the genuine leather cover for this device when you buy it as it just adds that little extra to the purchase. Overall, I would recommend anyone that wants to read more, reads often, or reads many books at once to take the plunge and buy this device. Plus, new books can be upwards of $20-$30 sometimes. This little device will carry all of your books and only costs the price of a few hard copy books. Plus if you need a physical copy, you can always borrow from the library.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love this tablet. It is great for indoor reading as well as outdoors. The back lighting makes it ideal for indoor spaces that are not well lit.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great with no or low light, good battery life syncs easy	USB-C Charging Cable
The Kindle Paperwhite is easy to use and great for reading outdoors.	Wired Headphones
We have had a Kindle Fire for years. My wife used it exclusively for reading. She grew frustrated of the constant random reboots and difficulty to see the screen. this device has cured all those issues. Longer battery life, stable hardware, and ease of viewing make this a winner.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I've had several Kindles in the past. Really love the paperwhite because of the light and being able to read outside	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for outside reading. My iPad has been good too with the kindle app but can't see well in bright light. This fixes that.	Google Phone
Great reader, bought it for my wife at a great price.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
You cant get a better device for reading ebooks than this. The battery lasts weeks and its extremely light	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice product. Reading made easy. Bought it for a friend.	Google Phone
the paperwhite makes reading in all conditions a pleasure.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great for beginners I like reading on the beach and I like to read in the shade that it works and it works great	34in Ultrawide Monitor
After having this for a year, it got a bit wet and called Kindle and they said they would fix it or replace it cause it was within the one year warranty. They replaced it for free.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The paperwhite feature works great. Can read books in a room with low light	USB-C Charging Cable
"I purchased this reader for my wife who is constantly reading. My wife currently has a Kindle Fire HD 7"" which she loves, but it is not the best for reading poolside where there is a lot of sunlight. I wanted to get her something that was easier to read in direct sunlight so she could enjoy her relaxing time even more."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a great product, but giving the price, you can find the same thing in the form of a cheap tablet that does more. Still a solid product tho	Flatscreen TV
I had it for two months and I start loving to read.	27in FHD Monitor
I own the original Kindle reader. It had several quirks that have been fixed. Pages turn easier, almost all functions are faster, and lighted pages are much easier to read in low light. The only negative so far is the shorter battery life.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the best reading tablet to date, crystal clear and bright	USB-C Charging Cable
It will not charge in USB on computer, have to take it in.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's doing a great job .. just go for it without doubt..	ThinkPad Laptop
You can use Wi-Fi anywhere that it's available. Lots of choices	20in Monitor
Great reader with incredible battery lifeWould Def buy again	USB-C Charging Cable
"Holding the Kindle Paperwhite is like holding a paperback book. It is formatted to be a book. Yes, I have an iPad and mini but the Kindle is much lighter and more ""book-like."" It can hold 100s, if not 1000s, of books."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought a second Kindle so my wife would stop using mine. Outstanding product.. Easy to download books and the book prices are reasonable.	20in Monitor
I like the size of this Kindle device. The battery lasts a very long time and charges quickly. Haven't found anything not to like about the Kindle Paperwhite.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the perfect option for me. I can have more than one book at my disposal, yet it's lightweight and easy to carry. The print is easy on the eyes, too..	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This reader is a gift to my daughter for Christmas. She said that it works great at the beach!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome! Perfect for all readers. The backlight is great for reading in bed.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great product for the price. Makes it easier to read with the contrast in text and background.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is so perfect for reading. If you only want it for reading, then I would most definitely get this. I can read for hours on it, in light and in the dark. It's super easy to buy books and download books. Favorite Christmas purchase!	USB-C Charging Cable
But, this isn't a bad substitute. The print and light are easily adjustable. It's small and lightweight, easy to carry and holds a charge for a week or so. At the font size I use it takes 2 to 3 kindle page turns to equal 1 page turn of a book and thus I think I would prefer a larger screen. Although it's touted as better for the eyes than reading using the kindle app on a tablet, I really don't think that is the case for me. For me a tablet is just as usable although heavier and less convenient. Overall , for the price, the pros outweigh the cons and I would recommend it.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Adjustable backlights are much nicer than clip on light.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this Kindle for our grandchild and he loves it.For anyone who just loves to read this size and weight is perfect!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This kindle reader is light weight and easy on eyes. Its a good reader but can be better if its UI is improved and made fast.The builtin lights are good and offer a nice option to read in dark. its fro some one totally in to books and wants to have those in handy.	Wired Headphones
I love Kindle e-readers. In fact I had purchased 4 paperwhites over the years. The design is absolutely amazing. It is my most favorite device for long reading. Tablets like iPad are no comparison on this. I also believe this is the best gifts for kids.	Wired Headphones
Awesome reader. Great light control to read in bed at night within waking your Partner.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very goodWas undecided between new PaperWhite and Voyage models and doing a lot of research to see which one is best. Based on some personal analysis on in-store samples, I felt the Voyage has nothing more price worthy than what new PW could offer with lesser $$$. If you are undecided like me, don't worry about the gimmicks of voyage, go for PW..	27in FHD Monitor
Works well for my 86 year old mom. She can see print very clearly.	Lightning Charging Cable
The only thing I don't like is I can put my books in order	Lightning Charging Cable
I had an older kindle that I still love but it didn't have the backlight. This one is lighter weight and has the backlight making it perfect to carry with me everywhere I go. So delighted that my husband thought to get this as a Christmas present for me to enjoy!	27in FHD Monitor
I had the original Kindle and still use it but this new one is a delight. The screen is very bright and touchable. This makes it easier to read and also to turn pages.	Google Phone
Bought it as a gift for my daughter as an iPad replacement. Reading without distraction is priceless. Connectivity with local public library makes kindle more valuable.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the e-reader you want to get if you want to avoid distractions such as any other apps being installed. Just get your books, and go find a tree somewhere.	Vareebadd Phone
Love to read and this little thing is perfect. I carry it everywhere. I read all the reviews and was on the fence since I used my phone or Kindle Fire to read but the lighting on the paperwhite is so much better for my eyes and the size is great.. Love this and highly recommend.	Wired Headphones
Love it. You can read without diestraftions of notifications as you would from your phone.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great e-reader, long battery life. Was hesitant to make the change from actual books to an e-reader but I have no regrets!	Wired Headphones
It is a very nice reading source. I bought it for my wife. She had the original Kindle and liked it but the back lighting makes all the difference. Nice size and good battery life.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My kids have owned the kindle fire for over 4 years. It was time for them to be more focused on reading and this is one of the best dreaded out there. Kids love the device and they can quickly borrow books from the city library.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is what e-readers should be like. Page turning is quick, the backlight is amazing. Reading in bed at night is perfect with this. I take it with me everywhere.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent product I love the back light on my kindle	Macbook Pro Laptop
"I feel that it is a good product for reading a book, especially since you can carry many books with you instead of ""carrying"" the actual books. I thought it would be a brighter screen than others but am a little disappointed in that regard."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have been very pleased with the Whitepaper e-reader so far. Good battery life and easy to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I loved me previous Kindle but always had to keep light on to read in the dark. The backlight on this makes it so much easier to read in the dark, it's not too bright and battery goes for about two weeks. The resolution is higher too, font looks crisp and sharp.	Google Phone
My Grandaughter loves it! Found it easy to understand and can read anywhere she likes.Great product!	Lightning Charging Cable
It is a very convenient product for ebook reading. More sophisticated.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Used it for 2 days and the screen froze 5 times--the kindle just won't switch on. Had to restart each time, and sometimes restarting won't help. It is clearly defective. Brought it to a Bestbuy store to exchange, but custumer service won't replace it. Asked me to look on the kindle shelf and there was none. Then they said they could give me store credit, and I would go line up in checkout and order a new one. Since I got mine on a discount, I had to pay the price difference!! This is ridiculous. They wouldn't order a replacement for a defective product, unless I pay more?? Got a refund in the end even though I liked the product otherwise and would much prefer an exchange. I guess purchases with discounts are not protected.	Lightning Charging Cable
My grandson loves his kindle reader!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
He loves to read so he will enjoy sitting down with it	Lightning Charging Cable
Feels durable and battery lasts a long time! The screen is easy to read.	27in FHD Monitor
Really like the Kindle Paperwhite. Easy to handle, easy to read, easy to access my books. Recommend.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have enjoyed a Kindle Reader for years. If you think your phone works just as well, you probably have never tried a Kindle Reader. When my last one began to fade, I hit the reviews and then bought this one. I would rather pay a bit more and have all the features that I want, than go for the best value for money to save a few bucks and have buyer's regret. In this case they are both the same.	Google Phone
Love this item, kindle with the light is so totally worth it	27in FHD Monitor
This kindle was very good and I enjoyed it a lot, i love it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I've used this for almost a month now. Excellent reading experience. It has adjustable brightness too. Doesn't strain the eyes even when reading in the dark.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I am glad I bought it. It is easy to use and have given me good book suggestions.	Google Phone
Easy to replace old Kindle. Like larger screen and light	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle is a great reader. This works even in full sunlight.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought for my daughter for Christmas. She loved it.	Google Phone
Works as expected without any glitches.Very happy with the purchase	Wired Headphones
I bought this as a gift for my wife, it's the perfect size for commuting on the train, battery is amazing, and so easy to use!	20in Monitor
Excellent product at the right price. For those with light sensitivity, this product is perfect.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife likes the fact that it's back-lit to make it easier to read.	USB-C Charging Cable
It's easy to use and carry while traveling. The battery charge is good for a week that is also great.	USB-C Charging Cable
Had previously been using third gen kindle (2011) but this paperwhite is a great upgrade. Love the backlight and new font.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect gift for my dad, he loves to read. He is in love with Kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Much easier on the eyes than a regular tablet and long battery life. You'd think it could be priced at the level of an inexpensive tablet seein how it's pretty much dedicated as a reader, but it is what it is and it's a good product for those who enjoy readin.	Google Phone
Bought this for my wife for Christmas after reading the reviews. Hands down the best e-reader for the price.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is my third kindle. The reading experience with kindle is always good.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Asked a Bestbuy employee if I could connect to my library. He told me yes so I bought the Kindle. When I got it home, found out that downloading books from my library was not an option, so I returned Kindle.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I brought this one, because that one I had still working but couldn't sign up online.	27in FHD Monitor
very difficult to operate this if having problems knowing how to get to the instructions. Should have some computer knowledge prior to purchase.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Makes book downloading and reading easy as ever. So compact and lightweight too.	Wired Headphones
With 5 kindles currently in the home this was a nice edition for my mother for reading her books. I compared this directly next to the basic kindle and the clarity of the font made it well worth the price difference.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was hesitant to buy a Kindle Paperwhite as I already owned an entry level Kobo that was about 6 years old. However, I'm goad that I upgraded as this device is smaller, lighter, and more ergonomic. Its a lot easier to hold for an extended period of time. Additionally, as part of the Kindle ecosystem, borrowing e-books from the library is a snap and no longer requires me to hook up to my computer.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my sister, and she can't put it down. Battery life is great, and she has found so many great books to read at great prices, and even some free titles she is excited to start reading. It is smaller than I expected, but that makes it easier to take on trips.	iPhone
So far so good. I have not ordered a book yet. I am reading a free one to get the hang of it.	Vareebadd Phone
As usual, Amazon does a great job of making the Kindle - this was for my wife and replaced her previous Kindle. Awesome product.	20in Monitor
I love the paper white because Ican read it if I am out in the sun especially at the beach.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I enjoy the convenience of the size and the ease of reading with this reader.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had to replace my Kindle 3G keyboard after several years because it would no longer charge. So I got this one and I'm satisfied, but I really miss my 3G. The only feature that's better in the newer Kindle is the light. Turning pages is my main complaint with the touch screen. It sometimes doesn't register the touch and you have to do it again. Also going back a page is a pain. Supposedly the left 25% of the screen is for going back, but it seems like the left 10% at best and just to be safe I press on the very edge. I miss the buttons for turning pages.I also miss the 3G even though I didn't use it all that often. Now I just need to make sure I plan ahead on road trips.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought one for my wife and my daughter who is in college. They both love them. easy to use, great screen and endless choices of material to read.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This was my first kindle purchase and I'm glad I waited. The battery life is awesome rarely do I have to charge it. It's also really easy to purchase more books. Also the white pages are easy on the eyes whether it's night or daytime.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The pages look like actual pages from a book to allow for easier reading. Bought this for my mother in her 60's and she loves it!	iPhone
So I love, love, love e-ink. I'm not even a big reader but t's this magic technology that no one seems excited about. There is literally ink inside the screen that moves up or down electronically. So it is literally an actual printed book page that can change in an instance.I like the Kindle Paperwhite and it does everything I need. But this particular version doesn't have the same pleasing page color as my 5 year old Kindle, which is strange. But I really needed the light to actually be able to read when I usually want to read. So when the light is on it's pretty nice.The interface is rather slow, which is to be expected given it's not a traditional LCD screen (it's literally a printing press), but I wish the interface had better ways to organize and change the order of books. The other problem I had was that the first one I received had a large hole in the upper layer of the screen (where the light diffuses through) so it had this glowing hole that reminded me of a giant stuck pixel. Also there were a few random stuck black spots. The next one did not have these problems. Amazon will replace it for you if it does.	Lightning Charging Cable
My wife is an avid reader and ju St had surgery. On her neck. She is healing well but finds it hard to hold the weight of a book. i bought the kindle for her ad she loves it because she reads in bed and can easily handle it because it is so light. She loves that she can get books in French and any other language she wants.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I like to read in bed and find the Kindle so light that I can read much longer without getting tired of holding it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product, easy to use and readAnd the warranty taken makes it worry free	Wired Headphones
The screen is well lit and easy to read. The compact size is also quite nice.	iPhone
Easy to use and set up! Package and arrival as great through Best Buy!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
bought this during black Friday, best deal ever. would recommeded people	Lightning Charging Cable
I really didn't expect it to be so convenient. Carrying just the Amazon Kindle Paperwhite instead of multiple books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite - White works great my wife has had the this item for a year and is still going strong. Great way to read books.	Lightning Charging Cable
The screen resolution is so much better than the original Kindle. Love the backlight.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a gift for my grandmother. I debated between the Basic Kindle or the Paperwhite and chose the Kindle Paperwhite. She loves it! It's very basic and easy for her to navigate. Everything is straight forward. The Kindle Paperwhite is nice because of it being backlite she can read in the dark or ever outside in the direct sunlight. There is no glare whatsoever. The size perfect for her hands and do not get sore or achy as if she was reading a paperback book. If your looking for a device strictly for reading purposes only get the Kindle Paperwhite. Overall, I and my grandmother are greatly impressed with this product. I had my doubts at first due to never using a product like this, but im considering getting myself one.	Wired Headphones
Easy to Use, Backlight feature is really nice. Like that you can adjust the font sizes and type.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle paperwhite. So easy to read anywhere. Wish the battery lasted longer than it does.	USB-C Charging Cable
This Kindle Paperwhite is great. it stores plenty of books and has a screen that is easy to read. It is even easy to read outside in the sunlight. I also like how compact, light and easy it is to travel with.	Wired Headphones
I want to rate it 3.5 but best buy lets me rate it 3 or 4, nothing in between. Similarly I see no point in upgrading from an old paperwhite until you really want a 300 ppi display. Kindle Paperwhite is good but not much has changed over the years, if you plan to upgrade over the old one think if it is worth spending.A paperwhite with 3G goes up towards 180-200 USD, I would rather invest the money on a tab. If you are sticking with the base version as I brought (99 USD - no ads), then its a good deal.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Delivery great handling and use for those wanting a natural reading device instead of the glitter of some technologies	Google Phone
Daughter, 8 yrs old, was starting to go thru books quickly and graduating to 2-300 page books. With my Amazon Prime membership, you also get a large selection of books available for free download... saving big bucks. Device is light weight and has a long battery life. If you have an Amazon prime membership and a reader in the house, this devise is a no-brainer and will pay for itself.	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent product. KINDLE/Amazon has an extensive library of books to choose from. Love the Back light. Light weight and excellent for travel when you don't want the weight of books but want your books to read.	iPhone
Bought the paperwhite as a gift for my son. He wanted it for reading as he did not need all of the other apps found on the other Kindle products. He really likes it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I love it I can read anywhere day or night and my kids can read on it too	Apple Airpods Headphones
Item arrived as described. No damages and fast shipping.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very easy to use,Great selection of titles to download. Screen is very easy to read	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Two of the best features are the small profile of this eReader and the ability to read it in bright sunlight. It is easy to carry and is ideal for outdoor/beach reading.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought the Kindle Paperwhite as a gift for a friend. He loves it and uses it daily. It's great for reading outside during the day, even in the South Florida sun, and the adjustable lighting is great for reading at night or in dim lighting.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use, load books and to read in out door light conditions. Very light to hold and read.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have been on the fence for quite some time about getting a dedicated e-reader. Like many, I didn't want to spend money and yet another device. However, review after review always mentions that where the value in the Kindle is in the distraction-free reading experience and having finally purchased one, I wholeheartedly agree with this as well. The Kindle Paperwhite is light weight and is easy to carry around. This is my first Kindle since the 2nd gen, and I'm impressed by the speed and screen quality. The lighting on the Paperwhite is a huge benefit and is not at all distracting while reading.	Wired Headphones
i knew what i was buying and it was everything as described, love my kindle best part it fits perfect in the palm of my hand, very convenient to use	Apple Airpods Headphones
At this moment perfect and close to book eReader in todays world. Your eyes won't harm you. Nice deal in Bestbuy	Wired Headphones
This Kindle is great and easy for me to Read books that I wanted to do a long time	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this paper white! It's light weight, easy to use, and the battery lasts for a very long time with use. I only wish it were cheaper, but the price wasn't bad.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Best kindle ever, great for readings, the charger sold separately	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my teenage son. He's been very pleased with it. The battery lasts long, it is small and light enough to fit in his jacket pocket, and the selection of books is awesome. Great product.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and I'm glad she shares. It's a pleasure to read books and it's great that either of us can read in a dark bedroom without disturbing the other.	iPhone
There are thousands of reviews and I have nothing new to add	iPhone
The paper white is easy to use and the built in light is great.	Lightning Charging Cable
Unlike my Kindle 2nd generation which requires an external light to read, the Paperwhite can be used in the dark.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Another great product from amzon. My daughter has nothing but great things to say about it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I've had a Kindle Keyboard 3G for years but picked this up for the backlight feature. It's just as good as expected from a Kindle device and I don't miss the physical keyboard at all.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought kindle for a gift as the one my daughter had 5 years ago starting not to work right. She loves this rader and got good reviews about it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It's a bit pricey but that is not Best Buy's fault since Amazon controls that. It's convenient for traveling (especially at night since it has the built-in light feature) and it's very small and light to carry around.	Wired Headphones
Bought for daughter who reads in the dark. She loves it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
get the kindle during Black Friday where I think it's the only time kindle get discount. hesitate to get it for a long time since already have the iPad, but want to do more reading, so, why not	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
i had a black one, however, the white color is so attractive. when i got it, it is so beautiful	Lightning Charging Cable
I got this for my mother in law for Christmas she loves it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"I bought this to replace my ""old"" Kindle Paperwhite which I wore out. That poor old thing had been through the wars and kept on going. I can not complain about a device that lasted for several years. It was used daily, shoved into a purse without a case or cover, and had been sat on by people and cats,. The only thing I wish would be that the charging cable supplied had the wall plug to go with the USB cable."	USB-C Charging Cable
Love that I can read this at night, with the lights off, or have it tucked (snugly) in my jacket pocket on the go. Wonderful device with great battery life.	USB-C Charging Cable
This e reader is easy on the eyes, light weight, has an adjustable back light, and has a decent storage size. It only does black and white so be aware of that if you have books with pictures or images.	Google Phone
This e reader is very lightweight, holds a charge for days and is easy to use. Be aware that the display is only black and white so books with pictures are not the best on here. Besides that it is great at reducing eye strain and the backlit screen makes for added versatility.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love reading so this e-reader works really well for me. I just wish it was a little bigger. I was used to another e-reader that had a larger screen. Otherwise, it works!	Wired Headphones
I enjoy reading but I wasn't sure if I wanted to read with the aid of electricity. Turns out to not be dat bad!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I can read it no matter how sunny it is outside. I have a kindle fire for inside and paperwhite for outside.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I got this for Christmas and love reading books on it. You get no glare and my eyes do not get tired. I previously used an ipad which was too bright and tired out my eyes. This reminds me of the real papers from a book.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my teenage daughter and she loves it! Gets to read all the time with out the strain on her eyes. Battery lasts for weeks!	USB-C Charging Cable
I am enjoying my Kindle Paperwhite. Its easy to use and I love the backlit format.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The perfect gift paired with an amazon gift card for books and a case	Wired Headphones
This product is very light and convenient. i often use it in the evening.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Son reports it work FANTASTICLY at UC IRVINE.Displays PDFs quite well.Fewer non- school distractions than other tablets.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a Christmas gift for my daughter in law, it was just what she wanted, didn't want lots of extras . Good light to view & read with.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a Xmas gift for my daughter to replace her older version kindle. She loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I really like this kindle. It's small enough to throw in my purse and the battery lasts forever. I really like it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Wife enjoys the smaller version and the non glare screen	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I had a Kindle. I loved it. The screen broke, I bought this as a replacement. I am impressed by the resolution and the backlight is awesome.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We liked the newest model over the other models. The price was good during the holidays.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Christmas present for the spouse which she asked for. Happy wife equals happy life.	Wired Headphones
I love the updated features with this kindle. Although I did like the length of the Fire.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Had a nook before I love my new Kindle . It's so much easier to use	Lightning Charging Cable
Haven't had it long , at this time Iam pleased with it .	Apple Airpods Headphones
They are the best choice for everybody in the family i bought for my family and they truly live it and it was a great supper dooper deal.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very easy to use! Comfortable and easy to see screen. Lots of books to choose from.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great e-reader. Has an awesome battery life, great for traveling or hanging at home. So awesome to have thousands of books available to you. I feel like book prices on ereaders have been rising, and that's unfortunate. I have two at home and I love them though!	20in Monitor
I really like my kindle. It is so gentle on my eyes. I don't have to charge it as often either. Lots of great features, highlighting especially is useful as it saves it to a new ' my clippings' file.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my husband whom is in medical school and he loves it! He has his textbooks there and can carry it with him everywhere. Best thing is that is easy on the eyes	Macbook Pro Laptop
I used visa checkout for this kindle, so it's a bargain. Also, the product is amazing.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my new kindle. The backlight is a huge improvement over the previous kindle, but it's not an automatic backlit and must be adjusted by the user depending on the situation. If you're looking for an auto backlight, go for the Kindle Voyage.	Google Phone
Light weight, easy for him to order the books he wants, and he has read 6 books since Christmas! He loves it!	Wired Headphones
Truly glare free in any light! Very easy to download books from Amazon including linking to my local library.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love my kindle paperwhite! Take it everywhere! Light enough to hold or carry, fits in most purses. Can read outside in bright sunlight, has built in adjustable backlight for reading in bed & not disturbing yourbedmate. Lots of storage & battery life is excellent. Highly recommend for purchase if you are looking for a black & white reader only!	Lightning Charging Cable
I like to buy my ink cartridges at Best Buy because of the recycling program.	Lightning Charging Cable
The resolution is obviously more subtle than my old kindle but the back light is not very even, especially on the bottom. It's a common issue for the new generation.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
the kindle is nice and well packaged. It delivered so fast!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Was given a Kindle from Best-Buy stock.... it was white but from the package labeling you can't tell the color and return it.Got the BLACK KINDLE... college student son loves it for all the class reading he has to do..... connects to college wifi seamlessly and downloads the syllabus and assigned readings.Easy to carry and read indoors or outdoors.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Ordering this online to pick up at the store was easy until I got to the store where, as usual, there were workers standing around yet I had to wait several minutes for someone to address me at the pickup desk then I had to wait to pay for it at the registers. I would have thought I could purchase it at the pickup center. Honestly, if it weren't for the increased risk of stolen delivery items during the Christmas season, I probably would have gone with Amazon to purchase the Kindle. (The price was the same through both retailers.)	Flatscreen TV
i bought this for my friend and he loved it. He was looking forward to this a couple of years ago.	Lightning Charging Cable
Very Rice Product and My Wife loves it. It is a great git for book lovers.	USB-C Charging Cable
I personally has Kindle vovage. Paperwhite has flash on every page turn, which is bit not good reading experience	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice in the night, you can adjust the light, and does not hurt you eyes.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Quick and easy setup impressed me. I bought this as a gift for my mom. Within 3 minutes she had the device registered, connected to her WiFi and downloading her Amazon book collection. Seeing the device made me want one for myself!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This kindle is totally worth buying. Does not have all the fancy bells and whistles that will almost never be used but has exactly what you need to just enjoy a good read.	Wired Headphones
Upgraded my kindle. I wanted to have the internal light for the screen. The purple kindle cover fits perfectly and ensures for safe transportation. I was able to easily upload all my books from my older kindle to re-read. Now I can enjoy my kindle at night without bothering anyone with the lights on!!	Apple Airpods Headphones
"I did my research, and this was the tablet I wanted. It was a smooth transaction. The only thing was that I couldn't purchase it ""without special offers"" from anywhere other than Amazon direct. I opted to purchase it from Best Buy ""with special offers"" because of the price. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that I could choose to have the ""special offers"" removed after purchase. I had to pay additionally for this option, but it could be done. None of the reviews I read mentioned that this was possible. I suppose this could change this at any time, but at the time I am writing this, it is an option.I saved delivery time by purchasing at Best Buy and paid minimally later to have the special offers removed."	iPhone
This is my second Kindle. The improvements over the older generation Kindles is huge. This Kindle is thin and light, I put it in my pocketbook and take it all over. The backlight is handy when needed. The screen clarity is excellent. Great device.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite - BlackVery cool, light weight and easy to use. Thank you.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife reads a lot and thought this would be a good gift. Being a Prime member as well as her signing up for Unlimited she can be reading something anytime which gives me time to play video games!	iPhone
The paper white version of Kindle is much easier to read than the older ones.Very happy with the quality and ease of use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought one once before for my mother and this product is amazing. I recently bought another to replace my girlfriend's Nook. Is amazing how good this e-readers performs, the battery life and versatility.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Has great features and is a very reliabe product by Amazon.	Macbook Pro Laptop
If, like I, you own an earlier generation Kindle that isn't a Paperwhite, this latest model is WELL WORTH THE UPGRADE.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I was concerned that I was wasting my money because I already have an iPad. I was WRONG! I LOVE IT!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It was so easy to set up the first time and add books. Easy to read clear screen and big words.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
WORKS PERFECTLY, NO GLICHES. GREAT SIZE FOR TRAVEL AND IS GOOD IN BRIGHT OR DIM LIGHT.	Lightning Charging Cable
My first attempt at kindle. It is nice. Not a very quick processor but gets the job done	USB-C Charging Cable
"Much better than my original Kindle. Lighter and easier to read. The old Kindle served me well and I won't retire it but it;s newer version is good."	Apple Airpods Headphones
The amazon reader is everything I dreamed it would be. I can read in the dark. It helps me get to sleep sooner, because the light is not as bright. My love of reading has only increased! ! A great purchase no doubt about that! !	Flatscreen TV
I bought this before I went on vacation to Florida and it was great for reading in the sun!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
A bit complicated the process of loading Books bought in different stores to Amazon. It should be more user friendly for new users (we do not come from amazon)	Wired Headphones
very thin and portable.. If i've read more i would use it	Wired Headphones
Kindle paper white is a fantastic e-reader. It has great contrast, is easy on the eyes, and the backlight is just right for reading in darker environments.	Google Phone
My first kindle paperwhite lasted several years, and I used it a lot! When it quit, I immediately went to Best Buy and purchased another one. After only about five weeks, my new kindle stopped working. I could no longer turn the page again, just like my old one. I went back to Best Buy and they exchanged it for a new one. If it had been just about another week, they would not have exchanged it. I thought the Kindle was a great product, but was disappointed that it had quit again. This time, I bought the insurance plan. Best Buy treated me great. There was never an issue whether they would replace it or give me a refund. Even though I did not have my original receipt, only had my charge card bill, there was not a problem.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Everyone in the family now owned one.Works well and easy to read in the sun	Wired Headphones
Although I really like having a physical book to hold onto, I really like being able to travel with this and not have the bulk of several real books. It also make borrowing books from my local library really easy.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Delivers on all counts. Lets me read anywhere I want and download easily from my local library digitally!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to use and reasonably priced. I bought it for my wife as a Christmas present.	Google Phone
The price is really attractive, and kindle is good to use.	USB-C Charging Cable
I had a non-background light kindle before. Now I replace it with the Kindle paperwhite. Good as expected.	Wired Headphones
First Ereader ever bought and it has been one of the best purchases ever. Have had no problems with it and it genuinely feel like you're reading a paperback book. 10 out of 10 would recommend	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had to do OS upgrade immediately after purchase and the process is manual. Would have been better if the OS can upgrade itself similar to iOS or Android. OS thing aside, I love this device and its worth the money.	Wired Headphones
Perfect all around reader, great price and service	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Paperwhite is lightweight and easy on the eyes. It's the first device to allow me to read with as much comfort as an actual book.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love my Kindle Paperwhite. I have always been a traditional book reader, but the Kindle is so easy to throw in my bag and go anywhere.	Wired Headphones
I have enjoyed my Kindle Paperwhite very, very much. It is an excellent eReader for me as my eyesight isn't what it used to be and the backlight really helps is keeping the text readable especially in low light situations. It was a wonderful Christmas present from my dear spouse.	Google Phone
I love the light built into this Kindle. I have had the basic Kindle for years but it's difficult to read in a room that is not well lit. Love the new and improved Kindle!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife. She liked my Kindle touch. I just wished it had an audio feature.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I can finally read late at night, and I can adjust the brightness so it doesn't disrupt my sleep!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is light and easy to carry. I can read books everywhere now.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This little thing is great very light and the clarity is just right, I like the way it adjusts to light.	Wired Headphones
Got this for my fiancé and she loves how easy it is to use, and how light the product is. Would highly recommend to all book readers.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Best reader in sunshine and darkness. Easy to use and re-load.	USB-C Charging Cable
If you want an eReader for just reading books then this is for you.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Been a Kindle fan since 1.0. Keeps getting better. I thought the original Paperwhite was perfect however the extra storage and speed are needed and a welcome addition.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased the Kindle Paperwhite and it is really great. No glare, keeps power for a very long time, and lightweight. I love it.	USB-C Charging Cable
My husband loves it! He has been reading since he got it for Christmas.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a nice ereader. It is hard to activate without WiFi access, but ebooks can be loaded through USB connection.	Vareebadd Phone
Gift for spouse, easily downloaded books. Uses while waiting for kids to finish school activities. Definitely recommend.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My is addicted to it. Every spare moment she is reading books on her Kindel. We both buy books using our Kindles. We like to talk about our thoughts and impressions as we read them together.	Flatscreen TV
I have no idea why I insisted on paper books for so long. This is so easy and awesome!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Awesome product! If you enjoy reading this is a must have.	USB-C Charging Cable
I used a Kindle many years ago but didn't like the size or the weight or the lack of backlight. This solves all those problems. I find the screen is a little small for my vision. When I increase the font size t I need to turn the kindle page more times than a book page. But that's me. Otherwise, it does well, turns the page smoothly and is easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect for night time reading and outdoor reading!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Bought this for my son to encourage his reading ,and very pleased with this device. I have sideloaded the ability to rent library books and it works well. He can read easily without tiring his eyes or needing to go to library frequently. Since I have to drive him everywhere it helped both of us. I wish there were more apps available and native library rental specifically.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have had a Kindle since the very first generation, and they have come along way since then. This version is pretty handy, reads well, and navigates okay for kindle . It there was any drawback I would say that the store shopping experience thru the actual kindle needs improvement . It's still very antiquated, and seems antiquated compared to today's browsing market.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great battery life and having the back lit screen allows you to read in dim or no light.	27in FHD Monitor
Brought reading inside, outside in the bright sunlight and even bedtime reading back into view! Great product and a must have !	Lightning Charging Cable
It is light to hold. It does work great in the sunlight, which is the reason I bought this product. I used the Kindle app on other devices.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Brought it for a Christmas present for someone who reads a lot. Easy to use and user friendly	iPhone
This is the best gift I think I ever got my girlfriend. She uses it everyday and reads more than ever! She loves it!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I'm a big outdoor reader, so the paperwhite is perfect for me.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very good purchase for the price and back lit option is really usefult o read at night without having to have the lights on	USB-C Charging Cable
Paperwhite excels while reading on sunlight - like beach etc. I strongly recommend it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Kindle is easy to use, has a bright back light and travels conveniently in a coat pocket.	Lightning Charging Cable
Had my original Kindle for 8 years with never a problem. When it finally died in December, I felt I could just use my iPad and Kindle app. But I missed the smaller and easier to hold Kindle more than I expected. Love the new paper white. No external light source required to read in bed, but easy on the eyes. Only regret I can't get my word games on it due to incompatibility, otherwise would be 5 stars.	Product
The Kindle is so easy to read in all lighting situations. The E-Ink screen is responsive and quick to touch controls.	Lightning Charging Cable
I cannot think of a better e-read than kindle. At first it seems a little bit dark and weird but after a while you will find that you cannot read on ipad or other pads anymore. Kindle is just that good	Wired Headphones
Enjoying being able to see the words on the kindle everywhere. Being able to dim is also a wonderfuI feature	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Little disappointed in. Item very hard to turn off but it is easier to read.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is a easy friendly e-book for everyone in your family	Google Phone
I was confused between Amazon fire and Kindle when buying this as both were in the same price range. But i would say that i made the right choice by picking the specialized Kindle reader. This is the closest experience to actual book-reading and sometimes even more convenient. Would definitely recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got for my wife for Christmas. She loves it! Would recommend to others wanting the experience in a smaller device.	LG Washing Machine
This purchase was a no-brainer. The Kindle Paper white is all you need for an e-reader. Plus with Amazon you have an opportunity for many free e-books.	Wired Headphones
I'm hooked. This Kindle makes reading a dream. I always thought I'd miss having the actual copy of the book with me, but the Kindle is so convenient and I'm reading more than I have in years.	USB-C Charging Cable
The back light is better for your eyes then reading on a tablet or phone and is similar to reading a paperback book but you can read in the dark without needing a book light	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I was not sure about making the jump to an e-reader vs. books, but now I just can't put it down. It is easy on the eyes and I can download new titles instantly. It is great	27in FHD Monitor
I have a kindle fire, but I wanted something that was less of a strain on my eyes.I love my Kindle Paperwhite. It is simple and easy and I'm able to use my fire as a tablet!	20in Monitor
Great product - would recommend to anyone. Love Best Buy and their experienced staff.	Wired Headphones
I bought this one for my wife. She loves it. I highly recommend this Kindle reader.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I wanted to buy it long time ago, the price I bought in best buy is good for me. Of course, the quality is good.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This new kindle is smaller than the large one I had. It is made for easy reading. Definitely very happy with this updated version	iPhone
I do not like the fact that every thing is in pictures instead of words. On my old paper white I had a list of unread books, now I have pictures. I don't read pictures. If there is a way to make it into a list, I have yet to find it. I thought the that reading is the point.	Wired Headphones
I do most of my E-reading when we travel. I always used my I Pad, but finally replaced that with the Kindle (for reading). Nice to be able to read in the sunlight, which is not possible with the IPad. The light is also not as harsh as the IPad when reading at night. So now I travel with both.	USB-C Charging Cable
I use to have the original but it didn't light up so it was a deal breaker for me. Now I can read anywhere at anytime!	Wired Headphones
This was a gift for the wife, we have had kindled since the original and this is just a book lovers dream	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The PaperWhite was the perfect upgrade to my older Kindle that required a light in order to read in low light conditions.	20in Monitor
My wife is really happy with this as it has the option to have the paper look or be backlit for reading in the dark! She got the white one and loves the fact it gets free books since e are Amazon prime members.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use day or night, Charge lasts a long time. Kindle much better than my I pad as a reader	Flatscreen TV
I have had my Kindle Paperwhite for over a month now and I absolutely love it. The screen adjustment to match the room lighting is great and it is much faster and responsive than the older Kindle my wife has. It is so lightweight and comfortable to hold. One of the best parts is the battery last for weeks even with heavy use.	iPhone
This has the same pixel density as the $200 Kindle Voyage, the biggest differences being no pressure sensitive buttons and there isn't a glass screen flush with the bezel. The Paperwhite is the best value of the Kindle lineup.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this for my 80- year old mother. She loves to read books but has difficulty getting to the store. This was a perfect gift for her though it did take some time explaining how to use it. It isn't the easiest device to use but now that she knows how to download books, she loves it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Exactly as discribed. Love the product! I would recommend it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love this Kindle. You can adjust the font.It reads well outside no problems with sunlight. Best purchase.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Love the look,feel and the light that this device has.	Wired Headphones
The amazon kindle paperwhite is perfect for reading before bed and anywhere really. The paperwhite is lightweight and easy to use. The paperwhite allows me to read my saved books from the amazon kindle app from anywhere.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Light and easy to read, battery lasts a good while. The built-in light makes it a pleasure to use at night in bed.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Paperwhite is certainly better than the regular Kindle, primarily due to the back lighting feature. If you buy a Kindle eReader, this would be the one to buy. You could spend more for the higher end models but there's really no need. The main issue with this eReader is the smudge effect at the bottom of the screen. I tried two Paperwhites and both had the same issue. Perhaps this is just how they are.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My friend loves it. It's what he needs for his holiday.	27in FHD Monitor
I purchased this for my husband who has been so busy that reading for pleasure just wasn't happening as much as he liked. If he'd take his tablets to read for pleasure he would get distracted doing work rather than reading for pleasure. He now makes the time to have some time off and is enjoying novels again. Good pricing. Now we are considering getting Kindles for each of our Grandchildren too.	27in FHD Monitor
"My husband and I live in the Dominican Rebublic as missionaries teaching the deaf about the Bible and our God. On Mondays we take the day off and head to the beach to chill and read a book. Our various tablets (iPhones, iPads, Samsung Galaxy, and Nooks we use for teaching the deaf) just didn't cut it in the bright sunshine to relax reading a novel. So while visiting the states we invested in our down time and purchased kindle paperwhites for each other. It is a basic tablet. We didn't want it to do ""everything"". That's what our other tablets can do. We wanted them to be able to get back to our love of reading for pleasure. The paperwhites are right on target for reading on the beach."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought Paperwhite as a gift for my wife for Christmas. She cant put it down!, If she wakes up in the middle of the night the Paperwhite is on and it the light doesn't bother me.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good e-reader, small to carry, easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Pros:I got this Kindle for my son to use while traveling. The backlight feature is good for reading at dark places. The device has great battery life as well.Cons:Not as thins as the latest Kindle Voyage. The screen response is just a tad bit slow. Some of the children's e-books on Amazon are not compatible with this device.	iPhone
Lightweight and handy. The screen is really easy on the eyes.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love the simplicity of the Paperwhite and the soft light backlight. I can read much longer with this and in many more places. It's very light and downloads are easy and fast.	Wired Headphones
Love the Paperwhite, easy to read in any light, easy to carry.	27in FHD Monitor
The Kindle Paperwhite is the best bang for your buck when it comes to purchasing an E-reader.	ThinkPad Laptop
I bought this as a present for someone and they were delighted. They love that it is compact and easy to use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Super easy to set up and absolutely worth the money.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the size, ease of use and book suggestions that appear when starting!	Wired Headphones
The kindle paperwhits is great! It hold a charge for two weeks or more which is awesome. It's great to read in the sun and in darker areas or at night because of the backlit screen. Like how small and compact it is. Would def recommends getting one if you enjoy reading.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very nice little reader. Handy, convenient, easy to take along. Able to read in almost any light.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my first e-reader and i am very happy. It is easy to read and loading books is a breeze. Highly recommended.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I really like the smaller size and backlight compared to my last kindle touch!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
We weren't crazy about the idea of getting another portable electronic device that distracted her from her schoolwork. 5th graders need to read much more than previous years and the Paperwhite not only encourages reading but eliminates the clutter that occurs from many paperbacks. The screen is the perfect size, lighting more than adequate, and the functionality is ideal.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use. No trouble downloading books from free sites.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great product and like the features of it. It makes carrying a book obsolete.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good for beach and night reading. Easy to use and change fonts and light.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So happy to find this item in store--salesman made sure the price was lowest possible.	Vareebadd Phone
Do we really yet another review of the device? I suppose not.So here is a comment about my buying experience at bestbuy. In one word a breeze. And that too at a substantial discount, thanks to Visa checkout.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Been in my wish list for long time and purchased this recently. Was worth a purchase	Macbook Pro Laptop
This our second paper white my husband loves the lighting on it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
For her for Christmas. I'm no dummy. I did. She loves it!	Wired Headphones
Works well and I would highly recommend this product.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this for my wife for Christmas she had the original Kindle and it broke after years of use. At first she was disappointed that the screen was so small, but now that she's been using it she loves it ! Much easier to hold and flip pages !	Google Phone
It was a great gift for daughter in law. She loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great phone for any level of android user, starting from a beginner to an advanced root user, camera can be better though	Wired Headphones
Got this for my son for Christmas as it fits perfectly in the pocket of his BDU's. This way he always has a book with him during down time.	20in Monitor
I am able to read in any sort of light and able to change the font size.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought it as a gift for my husband and he loves it! The picture quality & the non-glare is his favorite.	Lightning Charging Cable
This kindle is by far the best one I've had. I have zero complaints.	Wired Headphones
I love the kindle reader. It is great when traveling to have books to read without having to carry around multiple books. Also very easy to read outside	27in FHD Monitor
I've had several kindles over the years and this is by far the best one yet! I love the paper white and will never go back to anything else. I use it everywhere! You will not regret this purchase!	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my second kindle purchase. The first is still working fine just not backlit or paper white. The clarity is great, good size, and lightweight for extended reading. No bells and whistles, just easy and convenient reading.	27in FHD Monitor
Had the kindle 7th gen with no backlight and upgraded to the paperwhite. Was one of the best decisions I've made. You don't even notice that there IS a backlight because it blends in so well, and compared to the 7th gen is a night-and-day difference. Buy this, you will not regret it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Perfect size and easy on the eyes. None of that bright light that tables have to blind you in the evening.	Google Phone
The only time I really have to read is late at night when I don't want to turn on the lights and wake everyone up. The back light and touch screen make this version of the kindle much better than the previous ones.	Wired Headphones
This thing is ok. Next time we get electronics it will be Amason	ThinkPad Laptop
Wanted a easy reading for outdoors. Close this based on reviews. Did not need to replace my iPad with the more expensive Fire tablet. Would have given it a 5 star but amazon packages them with out a charger adapter.	Google Phone
Works great. Is a good upgrade for those who have a regular kindle. Terrific for low light reading.	Wired Headphones
I transitioned from an unneeded iPad to this Kindle. The pages are incredibly clear, even during the day. However, you obviously cannot surf the web with this tablet. It's only for reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I like that the reader has a backlight for reading at night	ThinkPad Laptop
my grandson really loves it, is reading a lot of books already.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my second kindle. It is definitely a significant upgrade. It has great resolution and the non glare for use outside it great . The smaller size is much better.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
you can read in any light. nice, especially at night when you don't want to disturb anyone. even outside in the daylight	Lightning Charging Cable
It is a joy to read. I love the nonglare. The size. Everything about it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great reading device under all lighting conditions	Lightning Charging Cable
After about 2 months of use, I can say that my wife and i are very happy with our purchase. The Amazon Paperwhite kindle is exactly what we wanted for ... reading literature. We tried to many times to duplicate the effect with a tablet but found the shiny glare to be too much. The paperwhite is easy on the eyes, and easy to use. I did give it 4 stars instead of 5, because after purchasing I learned there is slightly more expensive version (like $20 more) that doesn't include the frequent ads were where having to deal with. Luckily we were able to find out how to pay Amazon an extra $20 to eliminate the ads, but it would have been nice to not have to deal with it at all. I would recommend anyone looking at this product get the version for $20 more and eliminate the annoyance of the ads.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The Kindle is the best E Reader on the market. Bright screen and great selection of books	iPhone
So easy to read. No glare. Lightweight. Best e reader ever	Wired Headphones
My best friend loved this kindle. She loves reading books and she certainly love this Kindle. She can read books anywhere she wants without having to carry her books individually. If you are a book lover, like she is, then you will love this.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The white background makes it easier to read a book. The small size makes it easy to take on the go.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
great Kindle. Very easy to use and download books and read	Wired Headphones
Bought as a gift and person that received the Kindle has really enjoyed it.	USB-C Charging Cable
great reader for bed or the beach. definitely a must pack on vacation.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this as a present for my wife. She loves to read. Since she got it a month ago she has finished 3 books. Great product! My wife loves having access to books immediately!	USB-C Charging Cable
So easy to set up and use. Downloading books from the library has never been easier. Had an older Nook before this and the weight is similar. Liked the Nook button on the back to turn it off better than this one located on the bottom edge.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Much easier to read without a heavy book, especially in bed.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Having a backlight makes this the better choice. Plus the lighting is adjustable for brightness.	Lightning Charging Cable
I gave this for Christmas to my 12 year old child. He been using it all the time to resd. He has download books from the library. He will try using it for schhool. We use to go the the library every week and he would come home with 8-10 books.and these would pile up around the house. Now all in the Kindle! Good clear screen. Glad i upgraded to the better one. Easy to set up as he open the box and did it all himself.	iPhone
My brother bought this for me as a Christmas gift and I'm in love. I've already read 6 books because of the ease in which I can read my books anywhere, anytime. I don't need wifi, the battery lasts forever (seriously. I've charged it once since I've owned it and I've read 6 books!) The lighting feature allows me to read at night in bed once my husband has already fallen asleep. I love this Kindle SO MUCH!	Lightning Charging Cable
Love my kindle paperwhite! Love the no glare and small enough to be held with one hand!!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Have a nook as my first e-reader. I like downloading library books better on the kindle but prefer the format of the nook.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love it makes reading a pleasure. Easy on eyes, able to take anywhere, simple to use.	Wired Headphones
Lightweight, perfect size. Love the built in light.	27in FHD Monitor
Our daughter had asked for The Paperwhite for Christmas, and she was delighted when she opened it. She used it for hours every day, so we view this as a really proper gift.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this as a replacement for an original Kindle. It's a great reader that works everywhere.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Its comfortable to read, and it's compact. and light. I got case to go with it. I would recommend it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The size is nice it's light weight no glare When outside in the day great for night reading too	Apple Airpods Headphones
Love the paperwhite. Option of backlighting is great when reading in the dark but still able to see when outside in the sun. I do wish it had adaptive backlighting (I prefer to have backpighting off to save battery during daylight reading). Overall a great reading device.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This product fills a perfect nitch left by talbets	20in Monitor
Great for road trips and bright enough to read with by the pool.	Wired Headphones
"I bought this grudgingly as a way to read in bed without a light that bothered my wife. As it turns out I'm really glad I did. The light is adjustable and the ""print"" is crisp and clear. Even better is the ability to enlarge the print which has been helpful to my old eyes. There is a great ebook selection available from the library and many cheap books available on Amazon."	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice product and excellent quality very convenient	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My daughter loves her Kindle Paperwhite and reads on it every night.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I got this for my wife and she loves it. Uses it every day	27in FHD Monitor
I am amazed by the touch quality and the feel of the page turning.	USB-C Charging Cable
The kindle paper white works perfectly. The battery life is amazing!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The kindle paper white is just like reading a book	AA Batteries (4-pack)
As a ebooker reader this is absolutely best in the market right now, very easy to use. Now the only downside is the feeling of touch screen is too rough.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I needed an item that had less glare and I could read at night without backlighting	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This was the best purchase I've made in a while. The text quality it excellent and the back-lighting is a real plus.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it as a gift. The text of the ebooks werr crisp and very easy on the eyes. Usually with ths kindle app on ipad we distracted onto other apps or browsing but kindle helped overcome this issue. Highly recommend for anyone looking for ebook reader with good quality content library of books.	Lightning Charging Cable
Just the right size for reading. Backlight great for low light reading or no light. Quick book downloads. Kindle lending library is also cool If you're a prime member. You can also e-mail yourself a PDF to the device which is sent to an email assigned to the same.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This was purchased to replace my 3rd gen Kindle Keyboard. The backlight is a great feature and even though I miss having page turn buttons, it was worth the cost savings to forego them.	Flatscreen TV
old one broke after 9 years, new paper white is great, can read in low light, etc.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have had several Kindles (they don't last super long before breaking) and love reading on them. My only complaint is that they aren't very durable and tend to break after about 2 years of regular use. Being that they aren't super expensive, it's not a huge deal, but bit enough to not earn 5 stars.	USB-C Charging Cable
I had the old kindle with no back light .. this new one was a great price .. I still use both but this is great on a plane or in bed at night when I can just turn it off and I don't have to get up and turn my light off	USB-C Charging Cable
The lighting of the Paperwhite did not present any issues with glare - easy on eyes, even while wearing sunglasses outdoors.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The bright screen and lightweight design make this ereader ideal for reading in just about any setting.	Flatscreen TV
A must for someone who loves to read. Great to carry arounnd!	USB-C Charging Cable
Lightweight but not water resistant like the Nook.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle is great for taking on a plane trip or just having something to read while you're waiting in the doctor's office. And there's a great selection of books online.	Wired Headphones
I can't say how happy I am with this purchase. No worries of lighting, or holding a book open. All my books stored in this kindle which opens up lots of space in my home. Easy & light to carry.	Wired Headphones
The paper white feels kinda like real paper. The page is clear and bright. I love to read at night. It's awesome	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Haven't used product yet. Still reading user guide	USB-C Charging Cable
Fits its purpose as a book reader, but the touch screen could be smoother though.	iPhone
Got this as a gift for my wife after she just about wore out her old Kindle. She only wants it to read so it didn't make sense to get the other versions. This one does exactly what she wants and she can use it to read anywhere, indoors or outside.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love it. Will definitely recommend it to a friend.	USB-C Charging Cable
I got this as a Christmas present. Had wondered if it really was so easy on the eyes and good in different lighting. Much better than I had hoped!	Wired Headphones
My second Kindle. I've also owned a Nook. Both are good but the Kindles screen is a little better. I also like the case available for it much better than the Nook's.	USB-C Charging Cable
Nice easy to read display, quick downloads of content. Reads great in bright sunlight and dark rooms.	27in FHD Monitor
The Kindle Paperwhite is my first ereader and I love it. It works as advertised and is very easy to navigate. I haven't tried it in bright sunlight yet but have had no difficulty seeing the screen in all other situations. It is lightweight and easy to hold. I have a cover on it which I find increases the grip.	USB-C Charging Cable
great for reading outside in the sun, or in dark rooms. very easy on the eyes.	20in Monitor
I like the Kindle but have had to restart it twice as it froze.Still a great way to travel and still have books available to read.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my ten year old daughter. This is so much better than carringing around a bunch of heavy books. The battery also lasts forever	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This kindle is lightweight and a great travel, break and extra free time companion. You can read it anywhere. Love it!	ThinkPad Laptop
I specifically got this Kindle for reading outside without glare.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
She had an older Kindle and after years of good use it finally gave out. I had to buy her a new one and she loves it!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It was really nice to be able to find this at retail, in a store. The one we had been using died while on a trip. It made getting a new one really easy. They even carried both a white as well as a black coloured model.	Lightning Charging Cable
Excellent product as reviewed and very convenient for vacations	Apple Airpods Headphones
Not a bad product and for the price it makes a decent gift.	USB-C Charging Cable
i love to read book on that device. i would recommend this	Lightning Charging Cable
What a difference it makes to read from the paperwhite instead of iphone!	USB-C Charging Cable
Item purchased for my daughter as a gift. She is an avid reader, and loves the Kindle	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my mom as a gift and she loves it. Much easier than buying paper books	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought the paperwhite for my mother for christmas. It was very easy to set up and excellent that you had it on Christmas eve!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I love the fact that you can go on line, browse titles, make a selection and have the book immediately. No travel to a book store, no waiting for online ordered books to arrive. Kindle purchases are available immediately upon purchase... Back lighting is excellent and the ability to adjust font size is great. Holds a charge for a couple of weeks of moderate reading. Definitely a good product.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very easy to use and download any size book you would like	USB-C Charging Cable
I have been a kindle owner for years, the original kindle had be great but I hated the absence of a backlight. and the kindle fire was similar to reading on my phone with hurting my eyes. so when the paperwhite was released I was intrigued. I finally received this as a Christmas gift and it's perfect. the battery can lasts weeks on a charge. There's no glare. my eyes never hurt. this is perfect for anyone who just wants to read ebooks. there is no headphone or speaker so audio books will not be able to be used. when typing the letters are a bit leggy but you get used to it. I did have a problem registering my amazon account but was able to contact amazon via chat and they fixed it within 5 min. definitely worth the money, I can now have books with me at all times.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my mom she is an avid reader she has nothing but the best comments about this paper white kindle so im gonna have to say this product is amazing for your self or as a gift for some 1 that reads alot.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this product based on the reviews of no glare and its ease of use. Both are true.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is the only way to read a book now! I love it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife was using her iPhone 6 Plus for reading at night, but she is absolutely loving the Kindle Paperwhite!!	Wired Headphones
Amazon - Kindle Paperwhite is moe like reading a book page rather than reading on LCD screen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product for night reading! Light and friendly.	Wired Headphones
Though I was partial to my Nook, I kept getting little broken pixel light spaces on the screen. Switched to Kindle and I was pleasantly surprised at the visibility of the screen and how light it is. I read in bed every night and it is very comfortable to hold.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I replaced a lost e-reader on the plane with a new one.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love my new kindle. It's very slim and easy to use!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I have been a big fan of Amazon Kindles for the last five years. Each time a new one comes out I hesitated to buy, simply because my old one was working perfectly. Christmas I was looking for that gift that my wife would like. She too is a big Kindle fan. I grabbed a paperwhite for her for Christmas. For the next five days, I kept hearing how great it was compared to the old one. So off to Best Buy to buy the second. These are top notice upgrade. I don't think I have grabbed my Kindle and gotten the weak or dead battery logo. It has an amazing battery life. On top of that, the backlight works fantastic in low light environments. I can sit on a plane and read with no issues.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great product. Great for the beach or reading at anytime anywhere	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a very affordable e-book reader. It works well in the dark because it is backlit, and it is very simple. The lightness helps a lot, and I usually buy Kindle books now instead of other books because it is so much easier to carry.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I purchased this as a gift for my wife and she loves it! Long battery life, small and convenient to carry and great book selection.	27in FHD Monitor
Great for reading in bedNot to heavy with great screen	Lightning Charging Cable
This was a gift for my elderly mother-in-law. She is thrilled with the fact that she can pull up any book she wants, at anytime, as she is an avid reader. It is also very easy for her to use, a BIG plus!	Flatscreen TV
Had a gen 1 Kindle and so glad I moved up to this. Great for outdoor sunny reading. A must have !	Apple Airpods Headphones
I already had a kindle paperwhite but wanted to upgrade a bit	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love it, it's very easy to use and great for travel!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
It's great for reading in bed or anywhere for that matter.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my wife as Christmas present. She has early version of Kindle. She likes how little it weighs, and doesn't need a cover with separate light. She also likes swiping to turn pages rather than pushing a button. It is easy to read and has adjustable fonts.Only negative is after downloading a book, she has to search for it, rather than it automatically appearing on list of books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was an upgrade from old Kindle. Screen is great and love the size of the screen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was an upgrade from my original Kindle. I love the backlight screen! Even though the device is smaller than the original Kindle, I'm somehow able to read the font without my glasses. The battery life on this model is much longer too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The selling point for the purchase of this Kindle was the ability to read in low light situations.	Product
I love Paper Books but my eyes do not like reading them. This E Reader is fantastic! I take it with me everywhere and Read in any light. Love Love Love this item!	USB-C Charging Cable
good for reading on the fly and great battery life	USB-C Charging Cable
"Bought for our child who has vision issues but LOVES to read. ❤ She can borrow library books and they return ""automatically"". Appreciate that the screen lighting is more gentle than other tablet items. Grateful for no game options. Wish I could control the ads better! That's my only complaint. Some advertised books are plain wrong for a young one but there it is with a sample or picture. Just gotta keep an eye on that."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
this is the second paperwhite we've purchased and they are great especially for people who read in bed while others are trying to sleep!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
X'mas gift for my wife, and she love it! She loves the backlight that doesn't hurt your eye compare to an iPad.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bottom LED lighting is a bit uneven, and a bit distracting, but the overall package is otherwise excellent for reading, and without all the tempting distractions on a conventional tablet, so one can really focus on reading. The 300ppi is really crucial for images and especially maps and diagrams.	Lightning Charging Cable
The kindle essentially gives you a library in your hands. You can read for hours on 1 charge.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Good tablet for kids to enjoy and play with not if you are trying to do something big on it	USB-C Charging Cable
As a gift for a friend, it works very well for the countries which have corresponding Amazon service such as China.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my first E-reader and I couldn't be happier. It's the perfect size for me and I love the way I can adjust the brightness and the font.	Macbook Pro Laptop
The light and white page allows me to read in bed without disturbing my spouse.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I love kindle paper white , as it is lightweight , and the feeling is the same as reading a book because of the background color ,	Apple Airpods Headphones
Everything worked just fine with the product and we would buy again.	iPhone
The kindle paper white is amazing. I love that there is. No glare for outdoor use and the backlit is perfect for reading in bed.	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to use and download books. I like carrying many books with me in this tidy little package.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My wife is an avid reader and loves the Kindle. She has tried other tablets but none are as good as the paperwhite Kindle. This is the one she carries in her purse to pull out read during waits for doctors.	Lightning Charging Cable
excelent costumer service i love the store you will find everything	Lightning Charging Cable
I picked up a regular kindle touch a few months ago thinking I'd be fine with it. Lately my schedule is only allowing me to read in the evenings when its already darker out, and I don't like having to keep all the lights on to read. Decided to pull the trigger on one of these Paperwhites, and yep, wish I'd gone this route to begin with. The increased pixel count plus the built in light makes this thing a joy over the regular Kindle. Makes it a lot easier on my eyes and for that alone I recommend it!	Apple Airpods Headphones
This case works great. It was exactly what I was looking for.	27in FHD Monitor
I would have gave it a five star rating but it will change pages to easily. You will either go forward or backwards by just toughing the screen.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Purchased for 8y/o. Appears and feels well-built. Plastic screen vs. glass on higher-end Kindle models should prove more child resistant. Screen is recessed below frame edges, which also helps mitigate catastrophic damage in the event of a fall. Battery life is very good. Several books read at moderate brightness and still over 50% battery available. The screen has very good contrast ratio. In daylight, the backlight is completely unnecessary. The backlight is bright, and still soft enough to not induce extra eye strain. Highly recommended for any bookworm, young or just young at heart!	27in FHD Monitor
This was a gift for my wife, she had a previous version, and she loved the upgrade to tjis new version.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Got this for a relative, and he really likes it. It was pricey for what it is though.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I originally purchased the Paper White and after a week of that, I decided to upgrade to the Voyage for a couple reasons. 1) Perhaps my phone has made me lazy but I've grown accustomed to auto-brightness. It's something that I don't even really think of at all... until you have to manually adjust it. The Voyage is currently the only Kindle that automatically adjusts the brightness of the screen. I've read reviews that question the efficacy of it, and those people tend to say it's hit or miss. I humbly submit that that is because it's a 'smart' auto-brightness that adjusts to your preferences at certain light levels. For instance if you're in a dimly lit room and the screen is too bright for you there, and you manually turn it down a few notches the next time you're in that room, the Kindle will remember what your screen brightness preference was at that light level and adjust. I have had NO problems with this feature and consider it the most indispensable feature on the Kindle. It's brilliant.2) Page turn haptic buttons. These are great, and allow me to not need to move my hand at all to turn a page, I simply squeeze. I do wish they had been placed slightly higher on the device as I find I've needed to adjust my grip lower than I normally would have held on to the device. It's very nice having the option to not need to swipe the page to turn it.3) The flush screen. This makes a big difference to me - I was not a fan of the recessed screen on the Paper White and even the Nook has a flush screen! Amazon really needs to introduce waterproof Kindles and a flush screen is going to be necessary for that. This is also my only negative about the device - the screen appears to be slightly more reflective than the Paper White and I've heard (wether it's true or not) that is because the Voyage has a glass screen, while the Paper White has plastic? I'm not sure, but the ONLY time I notice this is when I'm reading the the sun is directly behind me. I may need to tilt the screen 5 degrees in any direction and it's easily readable again.4) The general design is sleeker and feels better in my hand than the Paper White. This also allows the device to be slightly lighter than the Paper White, which is always a good thing.To recap - This is the ONLY Kindle to feature the auto-brightness feature (not even the Oasis has it--probably to save on weight) and in my opinion a worthy upgrade over the Paper White.	ThinkPad Laptop
great product! I love kindle e-readers! is light, fast and excellent.	iPhone
Love this kindle - the press side page turner is great.	USB-C Charging Cable
"I have both the Kindle Voyage and the low end Kindle Fire.While the $50.00 Fire is an amazing deal, for serious readin,g the Kindle Voyage is far easier on the eyes and has superior resolution. Now, it lacks many of the features of the less expensive Fire, such as color and online with Wifi; as a reader it is well organized and a pleasure.Truthfully, it isn't a whole lot better than the Paperwhite. It has a feature or two, but I'm not sure it's worth the extra 60 dollars. It is still an excellent device."	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great alternative to using tablet for reading. Only problem is trying to read a *.pdf file - it only enlarges the page and does not resize the document to easily move forward.	LG Dryer
Purchased after theft in Seattle. It was on sale and works great.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is so far the best Kindle I have ever owned. I love the screen and the resolution on it. The device out performs all of the other e readers on the market.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The resolution on this screen is amazing and is so close to an actual printed page.	27in FHD Monitor
Wow! it is so nice to have a light and easy to hold device that only carries tons of books! No distractions like on my iPad, with email messages pinging in and facebook updates to check...just books and lots of them!The Kindle Voyage is everything they said it would be...light, back lit with self adjusting levels, page turners, all the bells and whistles. I am so glad I waited and splurged for this one!	Lightning Charging Cable
The Voyage is my first eReader and I am not disappointed. It is light, clear and a joy to use	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Kindle Voyage is the best e-reader experience available. Text is super-sharp, it's comfortable to hold, the built-in self-adjusting light is awesome, and you change the page by either swiping with your finger or pushing down on the bezel. Unfortunately, all those great features come at a $199 price that is $80 more than Amazon's Kindle Paperwhite and more than double the cost of the company's entry level reader, both of which are excellent in their own right. So five stars for the device itself and minus one star for the high price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this for my kids and very happy with that.	Google Phone
New Kindle Voyage is a nice upgrade from the basic model. Smaller e reader with a brighter light. So far so good.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have a Paper White 1 and 2. Honestly it is difficult to justify double the price value. I certainly like most added features but not sure its worth the extra money. To note it operates great just not sure its worth an upgrade to the latest greatest.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am extremely happy with my new Kindle Voyage. The text is so sharp and crisp, the images look much better than on the Kindle Paperwhite. The device is extremely light and comfortable to hold, The adaptive front light works great. I have an iPad with the Kindle app, but the reading experience is so much better on my Kindle Voyage that don't regret the purchase one bit.	Flatscreen TV
Nice ereader for reading books. Browser should be improved otherwise fine for reading books, another irritating part is ads pop up which amazon shud fix	USB-C Charging Cable
I have a previous version of the Kindle, but this one surpasses it in every way, from the resolution to the automatic brightness display. Recommend it highly.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Voyage is a great reader for those like myself who love to read books. The lines and images are crisp and clean. Its light weight even with the cover. The only thing is the origami cover was something that i would have thought of designing differently. It feels uncomfortable to hold... The device though is awesome and the page turn features are great you can use either side to turn pages. Would suggest to anyone who loves to read!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
First of all I'm amazed I could buy it from Best Buy, while Amazon says it will be in stock on December 1st (in more than a month from now). Best Buy is indeed the best!The Voyage itself is simply fantastic. The size is right, it's very lightweigh, quite zippy, text is super crisp, and I love the auto-brightness feature.	Lightning Charging Cable
"The new Kindle Voyage is quite a step forward for the Kindle dedicated reader line. It is a beautiful device - almost like something from Apple. I like the lighted screen and the page forward and back ""buttons"" on the sides of the device. But it is rather pricey - not yet convinced it is worth the upcharge."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Best e reader yet ! The new voyage is much better then the first Paperwhite which was great !	Wired Headphones
Light weight, great upgrades from the paperwhite. Love it!	27in FHD Monitor
I am a gadget guy and a big fan of tablets and e-ink readers. They each have their specialties and purposes, and e-readers are still best for reading. I have bitten a kindle supporter from the beginning, this latest model only further improves on that reputation.The back lighting is awesome and the touch screen is amazing. The clarity and definition is outstanding. I was do excited waiting for this to be released and was very pleased with the results!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I am an avid reader, and have purchased both the first and second generations of the Kindle Paperwhite products. Upon reading about the Voyage, I knew I had to have one. Although it's a bit pricey for an e-reader, it's definitely worth it for me. As much as I read, I believe the new screen will result in less eye strain. It's a beauty to look at. Especially when held next to the Paperwhite 2nd gen and compared.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is definitely the Rolls Royce of the e-readers love all the new features that it has. Upgraded from the paperwhite to the voyage.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Upgraded from a Kindle paperwhite. I love the brighter screen and increased resolution. I am a book addict and the savings over printed material allows me to buy more books. The availability of reference texts is increasing which is a big plus.	Wired Headphones
I have the second generation Kindle Paperwhite and the new Voyage is far superior to it. The resolution is much sharper, the back light is much brighter and the power button location is much more convenient. I highly recommend it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I never owned Kindle before. I tried to just be content with a PW 2, but after close comparison in store, I sticked to the Voyage. Luckily, I haven't been disappointed so far.	USB-C Charging Cable
This was actually for my daughter and she has rarely put it down since she got it.	Flatscreen TV
I can hold this next to my Kindle Paperwhite and see that is brighter, more evenly lit, sharper and faster. But $200 is pushing the price a little high. If a friend wasn't looking to buy my old one, not sure I would have paid that much.	Lightning Charging Cable
Moving to this from the first generation Paperwhite appears to have been the right move. I love the new size, it just feels tiny and perfect in the hand. The new automatic brightness setting works quite well. I do wish I could crank up the force required to activate the page turn buttons however, as I have frequently hit them accidentally. The page turn buttons do work with gloves on which a great for reading in a tree stand.	ThinkPad Laptop
Got this as an upgrade to my Kindle Touch. Page turns are crisp (the pressure-sensitive page buttons on the sides are a nice addition). I especially like the self-adjusting brightness. Very happy with the purchase. Battery life is great so far, even with the backlight on.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"This is my first kindle but I'm loving it. I picked it up a few days after it was released. One of the things I love the most is I'm a reader but I am not a car owner so I get almost everywhere by bike. I got tired of lugging around heavy hardcover books from the library; now my Voyage weighs less than most paperback books. An extra bonus for me is, it fits in a pocket I wasn't using in my pannier I carry stuff to work everyday. I love the clarity of the text and pressure point page turning versus screen swipes. I also love that I charged it when I got 4 days ago and it is still more than have battery power."	Google Phone
The newest Kindle eReader (Voyage) is a very good upgrade over the current model. It has several new hardware & coming software enhancements over the current model. However, unless you do an extreme amount of reading, I would not recommend upgrading if you owned the current PaperWhite generation. The high price does not justify it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
The better resolution and slightly smaller size makes a worthwhile investment if you read for hours. The commercials that tell you how much better it is to read on a Kindle Voyage vs a tablet are true. I read for hours at a time on weekly plane trips. If I use a tablet my eyes hurt after just a couple of hours. On a Kindle because of the side lighting I can read for 5 hours and my eyes never hurt .	USB-C Charging Cable
Upgrading from an older Kindle. Wow. Lighter. Crisper text is an understatement. Throw in the lighting and the new interface for page advancement. Pricey but if you want the best, you won't be disappointed.	20in Monitor
Product was as described and delivered on time as scheduled.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I never owned a Kindle before. This was easy to setup and get going.It also looks really good. The text is super easy to read even at smaller fonts. I also really like the buttons on the side that turn the pages because it is a lot easier to flip pages compared to tapping the screen.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I have owned exactlo, nooks, kobo's and kindles. This is the Cadillac of readers!!!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Was a Christmas gift and I ended up returning it because it wasn't exactly what I was looking for.	Wired Headphones
The screen is very sharp and easy to use. The letters are crisp and distinctive. The back light works well in the dark or light. I have no problem reading at night in the dark or during the day outside in direct sunlight. The new page press buttons are perfectly placed and very convenient. It's light weight and small enough to hold in one hand whole reading. I only have to charge it every 2 weeks.I would recommend this edition to anyone who enjoys reading.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Kindle Voyage. It truly is almost like reading a paper book.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Upgraded from a paperwhite and the build quality of this unit is much, much better! Just it's kind of expensive for an e-reader.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased for my wife to replace her previous kindle. She loves it. Great product.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Voyage is easily the best kindle avaiailable. The page turn buttons are a little wonky a times, but I find the high-res screen worth it.	27in FHD Monitor
Everything about it is outstanding except the price!	Wired Headphones
Purchased for my mother for Christmas. She hasn't put it down since.	USB-C Charging Cable
Overall I've been very happy with my new Kindle Voyage, the screen is much sharper than my wife's paperwhite (v1) and the backlight is much more even. I've also been very happy with the page turn buttons. It makes it significantly more convenient to turn pages than using the screen and the pressure and feedback both seem about right. The only issue I have that keeps this from earning 5 stars is that the backlight on the screen has a slightly two-tone hue. It is somewhat yellowish on top and bluish on the bottom of the screen. It isn't something that really distracts from reading but it is noticeable when looking for it. Fix this so the coloring is even and it is really a perfect ereader.	USB-C Charging Cable
Excellent Ereader if that is all you are looking for. Probably a bit over priced for the casual reader, the Voyage is wonderful for those looking for the best reading experience and are willing to pay the price tag and trade the lack of functionality.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I just upgraded from a Touch to a Voyage and could not be happier. In my opinion this is by far the best Kindle yet. Its operation and features are similar to the Touch and Paperwhite but it is lighter and faster and very comfortable in the hand. Like other e-ink devices (unlike Fire) the screen has a matte finish which is really superb for reading. Some early reviews I've read complained about part of the screen having a yellowish hue. I have not seen any sign of this so that may have been an early manufacturing issue that hopefully has been corrected. The built-in screen light is amazing.Like other e-ink devices the Voyage allows better control and integration of dictionaries, which is really important for specialized reading or reading in a foreign language where one may want to consult several dictionaries in-situ to fully understand a word or phrase.There is very little not to like about the Voyage. I can only think of two issues to consider:1. Price - no doubt about it, Voyage is expensive, but in my opinion it is worth it. When trading off price and performance, I urge you to go into your nearest Best Buy for a hands-on look at the various Kindles, particularly the Paperwhite and Voyage to see what you really need/want or can live with.2. A minor point for the evolution of e-ink readers: it would be nice if there was some control of the screen background color or at least an implementation of a warmer background. Recent studies suggest adverse effects, particularly regarding getting good sleep, from using electronic devices with bright-white or bluish screens (disrupts melatonin production in the body). This is one (of the few in my opinion) advantages of Kindle Fire and Kindle for Android, where several text background colors are available).I highly recommend Voyage - the new king of e-readers.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The auto light adjust has worked great for me and I love the different options for page turning. Also, the smaller size and lighter weight is noticeable. If you are buying your first Kindle, I would recommend this. If you already have the Paperwhite, it's up to you but I've been happy I upgraded.	iPhone
The back light is a great addition to this kindle, along with the page press! It's perfect for only using one hand to read. I would highly recommend this kindle and is worth the extra money.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The automatic light adjustment is pretty cool, but I find myself accidentally covering the sensor which really throws it off.I like being able to press the buttons on either side instead of touching the screen. I also appreciate the flat surface, it doesn't seem to attract as much dust in the corners like my other kindles.	USB-C Charging Cable
I had an original kindle that finally gave up the ghost after several years of service. I have been using my iPad mini as a reader, but it bothered my eyes after extended use. I like a dedicated reader like the voyager. It is about as close as you can come to an actual book. Love the adjustable backlot screen.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My last kindle died right before Christmas. I was lost with no way to read my books. Went to Best Buy to look at all the different ones available. Found that the Voyage was the best for my situation. Being backlit was perfect for the many different places I read, car, work, restaurants, and planes.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Bought this for my wife for Christmas. We have been using a Nook for the last 2 years (bought at Best Buy - got 2 and a great deal) Can't use Nook to read in sunlight. The Voyage is smaller, lighter and easier to use. Have not used it yet to read in sunlight. Wish it had some other features like - color display and sound. Waiting to see if I decide to get one until then I still am using a Nook. Very easy to download a book from public library. It is a tad expensive for what it does.	USB-C Charging Cable
To begin with this is the best reader available right now. Brighter than the pw2. Just awesome. Whether or not its a worthwhile upgrade from the paperwhite is another topic. Either way, it's a great piece of hardware- light, good grip, light etc. there is one HUGE issue however! The background light is not uniform- it is tinged yellow towards the top and blue towards the bottom of the device. For a $200 device thats unacceptable! How much that bothers u will be subjective and u wont notice it as much once u get into your book. The problem was present on all 3 devices I purchased (and returned), to the exact same degree. I kept the last one because it still is an awesome reader and it seems like its a production issue. Going through amazon reviews, various online forums- it seems to be present on a large number of devices if not all. Amazon refuses to address the issue, probably because they'll get sued or something for releasing a wonky product, like the iphone antenna problem bottom line- great device, but you have a high risk of receiving a unit with the gradient issue (youtube it if u cant visualize what I'm talking about, tons of videos out there describing it) . How bad it is seems to depend on your personal luck, or which batch your local bestbuy has stock from, and most importantly it will bother you / what youre willing to settle for. In my case, i hated it but there was no alternative- the pw2 seemed like a huge downgrade in a head to head comparison so i decided to keep my voyage and live with it. If thats a problem for you, wait for the 2015 edition. The pw1 had this issue apparently and it was addressed quietly by amazon in the pw2.	Apple Airpods Headphones
the best feature of this Kindle is the page forward/back buttons which allow you to turn pages without taking hards off the unit.	Wired Headphones
Great looking display. Text is sharp and easy to read. The lighting of screen is wonderful for reading in lower light environments. This is a little more compact than the paper white model. I really love the page press button areas. Makes it so you can turn pages without adjusting your hand (as long as you are holding the voyage with your thumb resting in the button area). Sounds like a minor thing, but to me it's a big convenience!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
already toldpeople about fast pickup.the kindle is great as always.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Lighter than a helium balloon. So thin. Bright white screen. Crisp letters. Intuitive. Easy touchscreen page turning (or a gentle squeeze on either side of the book) and easy menu access. Ideal size. I don't know how they can improve this further. Just ordered their (Kindle's) Origami cover too.	Google Phone
Great ebook reader with ambient light, page press, and sharp text. It is thin and light.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the best kindle yet. Very sharp text and easy page management.	Product
I like that it has an Automatic backlight adjustment	Lightning Charging Cable
The Kindle Voyage is light weight, slim. easy to use and so far has been a good product. The page turns very easily and the light works very well. The anti glare screen is the best!	27in FHD Monitor
I waited for weeks to get this new model and am happy I did. I love the new features on the Kindle Voyage. Didn't give it 5 stars due to some difficulty with the pressure sensitive buttons. I don't know if it is a flaw with the design or operator error, but sometimes it is more challenging than I think it should be to get the page to turn. It is far easier to swipe the screen so this is what I typically do. But, regardless. . . I love the Voyage! It was definitely worth the wait!	USB-C Charging Cable
I really missed my first kindle when my husband gave me a fire 2 years ago. I love to read outside and could not do that with a fire. The voyage is perfect, easy to read anywhere, much longer battery life than a fire. Very happy with it and the buttons are easy to use or you can just tap the screen to turn the page.	Lightning Charging Cable
received earlier than expected and was very happy. Will continue to buy at Best Buy in the future	Apple Airpods Headphones
Light weight, easy to use, love the lighted background. I am unable to make it stay on page count it keeps going back to hours left to read. But other then that a great ereader.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The reader is great, with a crisp display and excellent battery life. I like having the option of either using the buttons to flip pages, or just swipe it. The latter always required two hands, so the buttons can make it easier.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I previously own a kindle paperwhite version one then upgraded to kindle voyage.big difference. Worth the price!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Text is clear. Nice not to have the battery die every few days like a conventional tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My wife and I both enjoyed our Kindle Voyage so much that we had to buy a second one. This is our first E-reader, and it could not be more user-friendly. It works well in all kinds of environments and lighting conditions. A definite winner!	Apple Airpods Headphones
I like everything about the Voyage reader. It has a crisp display, is small and lightweight. I give it four stars instead of five because the screen light takes sometimes a while to adjust. The battery life is amazing. Prize could be a little less.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This kindle has been great, I upgraded from an original kindle and haven't looked back.I think if you have one of the paperwhite's with the backlight you might not see enough bang for your buck to upgrade though.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my second Kindle purchased. First one was 15 years ago and now the Kindle Voyage 2. I love my Kindle. You can read anywhere even outside in the sun. I read more than ever :)	Flatscreen TV
The best kindle that I ever had!It is great if you love reading and really want to have the feel of handling a book.Great for indoor and outdoor reading	Wired Headphones
I have used both paperwhite and voyage, and voyage has improved its support on the files, allowing you to customize the format especially when you are reading in a foreign language.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Having owned each of the previous Kindle readers, this one is without a doubt the best of the bunch. I highly recommend that the serious reader consider this device. Do note that this is a Reader, not a tablet. Grab an iPad or Kindle Fire for your tablet needs but get this to read books. The high dot-per-inch count makes it easy on the eyes, as does the evenly-distributed light. Superb device!	Google Phone
While generally a minor upgrade from the paperwhite, it's just the best e-reader on the market. X-ray seemed unnecessary until I was reading game of thrones and forgot who certain people were. The choice to swipe or pinch to change pages is nice too. It's a great device though if you're on a budget you would do fine with the last version.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Couldn't be happier with this latest Kindle e-reader! Love being able to turn pages by pushing a button and the bright uniform lighting! It's a big step up from my first generation paperweight!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was a late christmas gift to myself. Updated from the paperwhite 2 and the difference is very noticeable.	LG Dryer
If you already have a Paperwhite then there is no need to upgrade. But if you are in the market this has an excellent display and quick page turns. The reason to buy a dedicated e-reader is the 3 week long battery life. Love it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent device. Screen is impressive. Happy with this purchase, and looking forward to reading many books on it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the very best devise to read from. The print is one hundred percent book like. The device is light, elegant and a pleasure to use. There is nothing that comes close.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This kindle is a great product. I really enjoy it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my new Kindle! I have owned them all and each one improves on the last. It's a great way to read! I have the origami book cover as well and did not expect to like it but actually, I love it!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I had a first gen paperwhite and wasn't sure if the upgrade would be worth it but it really is a nice step up. Software is pretty much the same obviously, but the screen is a real step up and isn't that why you get a kindle over a tablet.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am a big fan of e-readers. I prefer the e-ink screens over tablet screen when reading books. I decided to pick up the new Kindle Voyage. Here are my thoughts.First, the Kindle is much sleeker and lighter than the Paperwhite model. It's very easy to hold for a long length of time without getting tired.Secondly, the addition of the page turn buttons is a welcomed addition. The buttons make it so easy to hold the Kindle with one hand and turn pages.Lastly the screen. I marked off a star because I had to return my first Voyage directly to Amazon because the top half of the screen had a yellow tint to it that was very distracting while reading. The replacement Kindle Voyage that I received had a perfect screen and the 300 ppi looks amazing. That being said, Amazon needs to really focus on quality control because I've read that the yellow tint on the screen is a common issue. If you're spending $200 for an e-reader, then the screen should be perfect. Especially since this is the 3rd generation of the lighted screens for the e-readers.If you're an avid reader, then the Kindle Voyage would be a worthy upgrade to make. If you're a casual reader who has a Paperwhite, you're probably okay with what you have.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my first kindle. I'm not sure how I lived without one now. The screen is excellent. I love being able to read outside (no glare!!) AND in bed (built in light!). Not sure how useful the automatic light adjuster is but it is a neat idea. Maybe as I use it more I will come to appreciate the automatic light adjustment.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
User friendly and features a 4GB capacity for ample storage. PagePress provides reimagined page turns, and an adaptive front light promotes visibility in dimly lit areas. So far so good!	20in Monitor
We had previously owned Kindle paperwhite version 1 and this is a substantial improvement. The new screen is much brighter and the response is quicker .	USB-C Charging Cable
The flush bezel and display are a huge improvement. The text is crisp and easy on the eyes. The page press function and inclusion/position of the touch sensors is perfect. The price seems a bit high for something as simple as an E-Reader, but if you love to read this is a must have. You will not be disappointed.	27in FHD Monitor
I know it is entirely a personally bias, but I love Kindles and this is one of the best Kindles ever.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have never owned a Kindle and was using the Kindle ap for iPad for the last several years. This little device is remarkable. The page is crisp and clear, the navigation is so easy. Purchases are simple and straight forward. I love it!	Lightning Charging Cable
The Voyage, when it worked, was great - the page turns make the reading experience seamless and the ink is crisp, making it a real upgrade from the Paperwhite. That said, it started to freeze up quickly after I got it. Hopefully this is a software issue that will be resolved soon (and the price of early adoption, sometimes), because overall, I couldn't be more pleased with the (working) Voyage.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
As usual Amazon does it again. Fabulous ereader. Love the auto adjustment of the on board light!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
i really like the voyage, it looks great, and worth the money.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So many improvements over previous models. Love the new page turn feature.	Wired Headphones
I choose store pick Up in New York and works Great. Love my Kindle Voyage	Lightning Charging Cable
I find myself reading even more now that I have the Kindle Voyage. It is easy to hold and maneuver, the perfect size, small and sleek. Page turning is easy with one hand and the back light makes reading in any setting a pleasure.	27in FHD Monitor
I'm not one for reviewing usually but my oh my do i love this thing. It is lightweight and amazing!! I LOVE HOW CRISP IT IS AND HOW BRIGHT IT IS.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Voyage is always with my in my purse. It is light, compact and easy to hold. I still love hard cover books but now I don't have to carry around the books from my book club. Some of the books I would rather not have to keep up with anyway. And, I can jump back and forth between stories.	27in FHD Monitor
This is the best Kindle I have ever used. This is way better than the Kindle Fire HD which I also own.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Always wanted to read more and I am with Kindle Voyage. This version rocks all previous versions. The side lit screen, smooth resolution, ultra lightweight in hand feel, and more make this the kindle that's perfect to me.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the Voyage. The display is clean and crisp and I have found the auto adjusting lighting to work perfectly for me. I love the side page turning buttons. I no longer have to use two hands to read a book anymore.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is definitely an improvement over the paperwhite, not sure is worth the premium though. While faster than paperwhite it is still way less responsive than an iPad, it is very hard to type on it (when searching or sharing on goodreads for instance).I like the navigation areas on the edge of the screen but I'm not crazy about them. I'm not sure what would be a better alternative but they are not all that comfortable while reading in bed. I guess a thumb swipe would still be better if the device would respond more nicely.I previously had a Paperwhite which got lost and I thought I'd better buy the latest kindle now.When I bought the paperwhite it has been an experiment, as I'm not an avid reader and I have a hard time reading paper book since I got surrounded by gadgets. I actually read few books on the paperwhite and I enjoyed it. So when I lost it (misplaced it) I was longing for it as I had few books I wanted to read.If this would be priced at least $50 cheaper I think it would be a 5 star proposition. Like it is now, it is a tad too expensive for the scope and the shortcomings. Closer to $100 it would be a sweet price.Prefered buying at BestBuy over Amazon as the loyalty programs are better (vs nonexistent) and I also used a movers coupon.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I've started to allow this device to grow on me. Yes I saw some color variation but either my eyes have adjusted or it's gone away. I'm back to reading like I used to and love it!	Wired Headphones
It has what i wanted click to turn page and that is the only reason i paid that price for it. there is nothing special about it. i thhought that the battery would last longer and as an avid reader it doesn't last long enough.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I can finally read outside and for more than 20 minutes at a time.	Macbook Pro Laptop
"I love this kindle. Faster than the paper white in how it responds to changing pages and/or books. The self adjusting light levels works very good in mine. Having the option on the frame to change pages is great but you have to press a little hard on the forward page button or it will do a backward change instead; this is the only reason why I don't give it a 5.I love this reader"	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I like it. However, when reading the page number is not shown. Also unable to use the dictionary. Still in the 'new' stage.	Flatscreen TV
The best ebook reader in the market. The text is crisp and I love the backlighting.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Fantastic E-Reader. Battery lasts a few weeks on a single charge (if you leave wifi turned off). Feels great in your hands. Is very lightweight.	USB-C Charging Cable
Works well from outdoors, to plane to reading in bed. No issues. Excellent all around. Better than a light.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Having had an original Kindle which I have enjoyed for several years, I decided to upgrade to the newest Kindle Voyage. I love the touch screen functionality and the lighted reading. I only wish I had done it sooner.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the small size and the auto light. Use this every day.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle is very great reader and recommendable for people.	iPhone
the reader is very compact so it can easliy fit into a bag or pocket. The auto light feature is also a plus.it takes a little bit to get adjusted to the side tabs and presume that future versions of this device will be improved upon.	Wired Headphones
If you are in doubt about spending the extra money to buy the Voyage... don't be. If it hadn't been a gift I would have most like not spent the money but after using it I am so glad I have this one.	USB-C Charging Cable
Definitely easy on the eyes for long reading sessions, especially when compared to the LCD screens of smart phones and tablets. The only issues we had were that it drops the connection to our WiFi network and then won't connect to the Kindle store. I don't think it's an issue with my network since all our other devices don't have the connectivity issues we had with this.	iPhone
"Out of the box there really is nothing to do but plug it in to the USB drive and you're ready to go. You get a pop up reminder asking if you want to use the drive as a back up. If you select yes or no that will be the last time you see it. If you say ""decide later"" it will come up each time you plug it in to the USB drive."	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my third Kindle, plus I have used the Kindle app on my two iPads and three iPhones. I always want to have a real Kindle so I will read in peace and avoid distraction from email, texts and such.This is much more readable that all of the previous models. The resolution is as good as I could ever want. The lighting is perfectly even and makes reading in any light (or lack of) completely comfortable. The screen response is almost perfect, but I am just getting use to the new side areas to turn pages. I love the weight and can read in any position, including on my back in bed, with one hand.I am perfectly fine with paying $200 for this Kindle. If you want something to read your books, and nothing else, this is the product for you.	20in Monitor
I like the size and battery life. It would be nice to have instant definitions for foreign language books. I really like the vocabulary review.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Awesome product! Backlit, shows you page number & easier to turn pages.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I love the new kindle. So much brighter then my old one.	Google Phone
I bought this for my wife and she loves it. text show very sharp and clear and there are a ton of kindle books to buy and read. very well made.	Wired Headphones
Reallllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllly	USB-C Charging Cable
Easy to read screen in a small light package. Excellent battery life and even fits into my work pockets.	20in Monitor
excellent screen, the small changes to the form make a huge different (I adore the flatness so much), and the brightness is a perfect for daylight. IMO, worth the cost	ThinkPad Laptop
I enjoy how small this version is, although if you are looking for a lot of features, I would recommend other Kindle products. Pretty much, this is similar to carrying around a paperback book in size and portability.	Apple Airpods Headphones
when I compare the screen of this voyage to my previous paperwhite, the qualify of the display was much better. light is more even and soft.	Apple Airpods Headphones
What a great ereader. Amazon continues its dominance in the ereader field with this entry. Light and comfortable to hold. Perfect combination of hepatic feedback buttons and adaptive back-lighting. Seems to stay charged forever even with regular use. I would definitely recommend this and would buy again.	USB-C Charging Cable
I am an avid reader. I use to have to pack multiple books on any vacation or trip for business. This has replaced all that. This is my second kindle and I am very impressed. The back light helps for reading at night or in bright places.	Google Phone
After dropping my Kindle with a keyboard (not techie enough to know which generation it was) I did plenty of research before getting my next Kindle.I wanted a dedicated ebook as I don't want distractions when I read. Let's make this simple:I have read in sunlight and there have been no problems with glare.The automatic light makes it great for night reading.It took a while to get used to the buttons, but after my last Kindle, this was a feature I really wanted. I like them.I have read only three books on the Kindle so far and I still haven't mastered the touch of getting it to do what I want when I want. I am fighting it to highlight, and tap like a madman to change between page number and time left in the chapter/book (which are features I love).Excellent reader. I would purchase again, but I can't say with any honesty that the extra $100 was worth it over the Paperwhite, but I have no experience with that model either. I do like this more than my last Kindle, so that is all that really matters.	ThinkPad Laptop
Great contrast and battery life with easy user interface.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I purchased this for my girl friend and she absolutely loves it. She reads around 3-4 books a week.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is the reading machine I will recommended for everyone. The sharp font and responsiveness is unparalleled	Apple Airpods Headphones
What could be better than a book? A Kindle Voyage! This wonderful device is easier to carry around than a book. Whenever I need to wait a few minutes, I whip out my Kindle. It is clear, it works for a long time without recharging, and it receives new books instantly. I had been using an Ipod with audio books for a long time but I got tired of the difficulty in searching for material. It also lost my place unless I was extremely careful. This device is lightweight and slips easily into my handbag or pocket. I also bought the Origami case - with it, the Kindle comes on automatically when it is opened. A great and useful device - I love it!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It took awhile to get this Kindle as it was out of stock, but it was worth the wait. It is easy to use and the text is very clear. I have had a Kindle before but this model is so much better. Most enjoyable.	iPhone
The display is even better than the paperwhite, I didn't think they could do that. The page buttons take a minute to get used to but I love them now.	Wired Headphones
No regrets with this device. The Paperwhite from Amazon is a cheaper model that's worth looking into if this model is too much. I used to read on various iOS/Android tablets but wanted to get something that allows me to read ebooks but also have weeks of battery life on a single charge. All those books on such a small and thin device is still amazing to me. This and the official Amazon case is what I use.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Although expensive....is exactly what you would expect.	
I eventually had to return it because of the shades of yellow in the back-light when using it at night. It was okay at day time but at night during which I usually read it was not what i expected to be premium cost product. Especially it was very annoying to read in the landscape mode. I guess Amazon needs a better QA department.	Wired Headphones
had the larger paper white replaced with this model. LOVE IT!	Wired Headphones
My daughter enjoys her kindle. Lovethis product!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect e-reader with great screen and backlight. Works great in every condition. Definitely recommend the Kindle Voyage!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
No issues whatsoever. Works well! Best e reader there is!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Love the back light, fast response to changing pages. The kindle voyage is lite.	USB-C Charging Cable
This is a really great upgrade from the regular Kindle, however, it's not such an appealing product after Amazon updated the base Kindle to the same hi-resolution screen. May be worth waiting to see if Amazon upgrade the Voyage over the coming months.	27in FHD Monitor
This was a gift for my wife who loves to read. She has the Kindle Fire and enjoys it. Her wishes were to have a smaller lighter reader that is also good to ready outside. She found it with the Voyage.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought the original paper white and loved it. Even though there is not a tremendous difference between the two units, I have found that it is lighter and adjusts to light much better. Is it really worth the price difference is questionable. I would recommend this product to any avid reader.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Wife never leaves it at home loves it great display easy on your eyes	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle for reading over my iPad now. Best buy gave me a good deal on this kindle, and fast and friendly service. This kindle is easy on my sensitive eyes and a pleasure to hold. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an e-reader.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my wife who loves books. She was always agents ebooks but now she can't be without it.	Lightning Charging Cable
I really like not having the bump on the bottom like the previous Kindle reader like the previous Kindle readerI dislike the fact that the screen is not recessed like the previous Kindle reader so that you cannot set the unit down facedown	Lightning Charging Cable
My husband is bed bound and sometimes very weak. The kindle is great for him ,light easy to use and the back light allows him to read in bed without waking me to turn the lights on.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I really enjoy reading on the new Kindle Voyage. Have had other Kindle models before this one. I especially like the brightness and lightness of it.Only drawback I needed to get use to was turning of pages being a little hesitant.	Lightning Charging Cable
Small, light weight and battery lasts. I love this thing. Way better than lugging many paperback for long flights.	USB-C Charging Cable
I accidentally cracked my screen on the first day when the Voyage was too close to my rocking chair and neither Best Buy nor Amazon would do anything to help. Well, Amazon offered $15 off purchasing the Paperwhite and that wasn't something I wanted at all. Now I'm stuck with a $199 broken Voyage. Not a happy customer. I realize it was my fault but thought they should do something more to minimize the loss and keep my business.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I upgraded my Kindle to the Kindle Voyage because I read in bed and the lamp kept my husband awake. I thought I would be able to use this Kindle without the lamp, but for me it is hard to read with the room completely dark even though the back lighting is adjustable. I still use the Kindle with the lamp on, but tilted to the floor so that there is just a little light in the room....I bought the magnetic case so when I open the lid, the Kindle wakes up. It is a little smaller than my old Kindle and fits in my purse perfectly. All in All I LOVE it and would highly recommend it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle is so good on so many levels. Not sure it is worth the price premium over the paperwhite, but you will definitely have the best reader on the market.	Lightning Charging Cable
Although the Price point is a bit high for what it is I love the new kindle. The screen is beautiful, the back light with auto-adjust dimming is great, and it feels very sturdy to hold. I am very glad that I upgraded form the nook but can only give 4 stars due to price.	Product
Better than older kindles. Reading a book on a kindle is easier than holding a book.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I didn't think it would be that much of an improvement over the paperwhite but taking all of the advances together it definitely beats it. The cost is high but having that crisp of a screen is worth it. Obviously when you can buy a Kindle fire HD for less you have to be dedicated to the look and functionality of an e-ink reader for this to be worth it. If you love e-ink books and want a much better lighting solution than the Kindle Paperwhite this is the best option.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
even my luddite spouse loves it. Easy to use. Read in full sunlight.	USB-C Charging Cable
Good for leisure/reading for fun. Not for students.	Lightning Charging Cable
The voyage is a great e reader for the avid reader. It's not a tablet so don't expect features of an internet tablet. However the auto-adjust backlight feature & minimal flash between pages makes it ideal for readers. This version includes the vocabulary builder, which I find myself using a lot nowadays. However, I'm not sure why it's more expensive than the paperwhite. That's the one I actually wanted but my local store was out of stock. I thought it included the 3g so you can download even when away from wifi but it doesn't. So that's why I'm confused on the price difference. The overall feel of it is fine. Not a lot thinner than the original. I keep mine in a case and whenever it goes idle I have to take it out of the case just to press the power button, which is pretty inconvenient. Oh and it freezes when charging which made me extremely nervous the first time because I thought it was broken but I just held the power button for like ten seconds and it was fine... other than those very minor complaints,I love it. I find myself reading way more than watching tv these days so that's always a plus!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Although the price is high, it is worth and useful.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Gave up my tablet for the voyage and haven't looked back. A pleasure to read on.	ThinkPad Laptop
Do most of my reading on one of my Kindles. Reading in sun light to no light is great. Easier to take anywhere size wise compared to a paperback. Really great for traveling. Download several books so I have a variety to read from. Long charge life.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Pros: Look no further if you are a book lover and shopping for a ereader. The price is slightly on the higher side but well worth it. You might want to consider the upgraded Kindle Paperwhite with 300ppi if price is a concern.Cons: The Bookerly font update is not available yet although it is available in the Paperwhite.	Lightning Charging Cable
Really like the Kindle. The screen is very easy on the eyes, much better for reading than my Ipad!.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This new kindle is so much easier to read than my second generation kindle that I had for years. It is faster, and the back-light can be adjusted easily to get the right amount of light for your reading pleasure. If you love books, you should get this.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought this game for my son, and he loves it..it is very entertaining.	Wired Headphones
"I have owned several Kindles over the years, and this one is the best yet. The contrast and clarity is improved over the already-good Paperwhite 2. I like the page turn ""buttons"" on the bezel as well."	USB-C Charging Cable
This is my first e reader. I did ttry my friends papperwhite but voyage is the best of the e reader world. The screen is awesome. I read a lot at night before I sleep and I use to read in my mobile which after sometime feels like my eyes are burning. But with voyage I can read as much time I want. No strain no burning sensation in my eyes. Compared to the papperwhite the screen looks better. Feels like I am actually reading a paper book.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's a great eReader and the font is much clearer than that of the Paperwhite, but that may not be enough to justify the extra $$$. The page turn buttons are a great addition too.Would be good if Amazon would add audiobook capability though.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased this specifically to take on a cruise. It exceeded my expectations. The voyager is slim, even with the cover, it is light weight and the screen is very clear. Battery life is good. I would absolutely recommend it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The new voyage is so much better. They've made some major improvements. I love that you can swipe, or use the side controls. The writing is crystal clear. The batter life lasts forever. I recommend this to anyone!	
Fabulous new functionality love the night reading capabilities	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My first Kindle, but the backlight feature is great	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The Voyage is clear, doesn't strain your eyes, and I have had no problems using it. Recommended!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Surprisingly better than previous versions of Kindle. Light, vivid, easy to use	27in FHD Monitor
As expected. i would suggest to get a cover. The dictionary is very easy to use.	Apple Airpods Headphones
It will be great if the screen is larger. Otherwise it is good.	Lightning Charging Cable
It's fast, beautiful and compact. A little expensive, but I liked.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my favorite kindle so far. The size is perfect and the weight is minimal. I love the fact it is back lit and I don't need a book light.	Lightning Charging Cable
Amazon nailed it. Its readability is superior to the book. The new page turning feature is a great improvement over the previous version. And, BTW, you can carry a library with you wherever you go.	Lightning Charging Cable
This e-reader fits very nicely into my library of other electronic devices. It works great.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perhaps the best ereader made until now. Fantastic reading experience.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Great day reading. The backlight works great in the day as well. It is nice to have enough light to read wherever you are. The batterry life is also long	Wired Headphones
The Kindle Voyage is the first new model that I finally felt was good enough to replace my Kindle4NT (non-touch with side buttons). The original 4T and paperwhite models worked poorly for me, and lacked buttons. The pressure sensitive edges of the Voyage work great, and the touch screen functions work better in this model.Voyage is still at least $50 overpriced, but I ultimately worth the money if moving off an older button-style Kindle.	20in Monitor
Kindle Voyage is great, screen resolution is awesome, love the new page turn buttons (I missed these ones from my previous Kindle keyboard).	USB-C Charging Cable
Highly recommend. Battery is perfect. Light weight too!	Lightning Charging Cable
The Amazon Kindle Voyage is the absolute e-reader to end all e-readers. Light, amazing screen, and stylish, minimal design. If you want an e-reader, definitely buy this one!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great indoors & out. Very light weight & easy to carry, even in a pocket. Amazon downloads are easy & quick.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Very disappointed that my Kindle Voyage, purchased in April, failed after just two uses. Went to charge it tonight to take on a business trip and it won't charge, won't reset, etc. Since my Best Buy receipt says I only have 15 days to return it, tried calling Amazon support. Their only solution after over 30 minutes on the phone is to process a replacement which may be a new or may be a refurbished device-- unacceptable to replace a less than 2-month old device with a refurbished one... but, given the poor experience I've had with the Voyage, I'm not even comfortable with a 'new' replacement at this point. Amazon says they can't do anything about a refund because I purchased from Best Buy-- 15 days seems a little extreme in a situation like this with a defective product!Stuck with a $200 paperweight :-(	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I wanted a reader that was easy to use indoor or outside. I am very pleased and so glad I purchased this product. Ordering books is also very easy.	Vareebadd Phone
Small and light weight, easy to read from in bright light conditions	Flatscreen TV
This is my first Kindle. Previously I have owned several Nooks. The Voyage is lightweight and the built in dimming light works great. I would give it the edge over the Nook.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is my third kindle and by far the best! Easy to use.	Flatscreen TV
Even though it is a little pricy, I like my new Kindle Voyage. It looks smaller, but it is because it's only the screen - no buttons. It is lightweight. You can scroll and turn pages with touch screen press or with physical small buttons on the side. It is automatically adjusts to different light conditions.	Lightning Charging Cable
"Hands down the best ereader available. I researched several devices and it came down to the Paperwhite and the Voyage. There is a pretty hefty price premium for the Voyage. Most people will probably be very satisfied with the Paperwhite. I typically need reading glasses to read regular size print. On an eReader the font can be adjusted to make it large enough so I don't need to use the glasses. That means less text on each page and many more page turns. The physical ""buttons"" hep make the page turns easier and extra light brightness helps to add contrast to the text. These were enough to sell me on the Voyage. It was the right decision and I love the device."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love to read books....paper and electronic (via my iPad), but had never owned a Kindle. When shopping at Best Buy, I mentioned to my husband that I might want to try a Kindle....went to another area and, when I returned, the Kindle VOYAGE was in our basket. OK so I though I would give it a try. I LOVE it! So compact, so easy to read my books and turn the pages without swiping or ??? I highly recommend the VOYAGE to existing and pending Kindle readers. So many great features in such a small package!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice e-reader. A bit smaller and definitely lighter than the Paperwhite. 'Whiter' screen still easy on the eyes. A bit expensive for just a reader however.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
pros - light compact bright fast response from touch screencons- hard to navigate. I use my old kindle with buttons to browse. This kindle can be frustratingwith its overly sensitive touch screen.Overall a very good reader but no need to purchase if happy with paperwhite versions. For someone new to kindle it is worth the price as long as have another electronic device to browse the kindle site.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this after my Kindle Keyboard died. I like having a dedicated reader. Its easier on my eyes. Its light weight and fits in my purse with the cover on it. The ads don't bother me. Great purchase	Wired Headphones
Voyager is super easy to use and see, love the translations too!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have been a Kindle reader for years now but this is the first device I have used with a backlight and I have to say the eye strain is lower and the reading experience better than ever. For a pure reading device I do not know how it could be better other than lowering the price tag.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I've enjoyed the original Kindle (with keyboard) for many years, and it was finally time to upgrade. The light is great, and I use the page press buttons exclusively. Very happy with the size, weight, and appearance of this product.	Vareebadd Phone
Nothing will replace the joy of flipping through the pages of a book, but living in a studio apartment with my girlfriend, I simply don't have the space for all the books I'd like to own on top of the ones I have now.I got this for my girlfriend because she has difficulty reading on my iPad Air. She has no difficulty using her Kindle Voyage, and she thoroughly enjoys it.I'm actually thinking of getting one for myself farther down the line.	Lightning Charging Cable
So much more comfortable to hold than a heavy book.	27in FHD Monitor
why carry a book when you can have a library at your fingertips? Get one now!	27in FHD Monitor
I have had several Kindles beginning with the 1st generation. I am an avid reader and I love that I can take my library with me. The Kindle Voyage is by far my favorite. The printed page is very clear and the lit page is wonderful. If you enjoy reading as much as I do, this is the e-reader for you.	Wired Headphones
This is my 3rd Kindle and I think its the best yet! Love the new features and will never go back to paperback books again	Macbook Pro Laptop
Kindle is the best. In this version, storage and resolution screen has been improved.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Reading on my commute, or in a waiting room, is a pleasant way to pass time - and convenient	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This eReader is great, I have started reading more now that I have this kindle than when I read paperbacks. If you are torn on buying this for yourself or someone else I can almost guarantee anyone would love this. With enabled dictionaries and X-ray I'm finally able to tackle books with a heavy character list like Game of Thrones. I'm serious, this is so convienent and user friendly. The only negative about this device is the amount of money you will spend on new books in excitement when you first connect to Amazon with it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Kindle!! It's great for downloading & reading books. It's especially great because I can read regardless of the lighting conditions!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love the new look and feel of my new Kindle Voyage. I especially love how it adjusts the reading light automatically.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is a great investment. Can read at night without disturbing partner. Only disadvantage is if you lose your place it is a little difficult to find it. This could be user problem.	Macbook Pro Laptop
New kindle is so much better than paperwhite. Kitty hair always used to get stuck around the borders of the paperwhite - not a problem with the voyage.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I would have given this 5 stars but the touch response isn't always responsive. Sometimes it acts like it is frozen, and then it turns the page after several seconds.I like the new features over the paper white as well. I love you don't have to pick up your fingers to turn the page.	27in FHD Monitor
Very nice display and high resolution! A pleasure to read.	Wired Headphones
There is no better E-reader available today. It costs a bit more, but the build quality is the best.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
very good e-reader. like the back light very much. very light for carrying around.	27in FHD Monitor
Bought this for vacations at the beach - easy to read in the sulight.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
So user friendly that I had it for over a month before I read the owners guide to learn all the other features. Makes reading a book effortless. A must have for the avid book reader.	USB-C Charging Cable
Okay, so I am a slow adopter of using Kindle readers, but I have made stupendous use of this since buying it. I use it at work for keeping up to date with business journals and reading books on management styles and skills. Even my original intent was for use at work I find myself reading additional books for my personal entertainment more often. Screen is very easy to read in varying light conditions and menu is easily navigated. I am thinking of buying more of these for gifts at work for my employees at Christmas time.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
"I know there's a separate product page for the origami cover, but it's worth mentioning here as it is the ""official"" cover. The origami cover is ugly and I was skeptical, but I actually love it. It's weird because it opens by flipping over the top like a notepad. This actually makes it more comfortable to hold when the cover is open, in my opinion. It's hard to describe, but there are a lot more ways to hold the Voyage when it's attached to this cover, and just generally is more comfortable to use. The origami part of the case works great as well... it stands vertically or horizontally (if you're laying down and reading, this is amazing)."	Wired Headphones
We upgraded from an older paper white and couldn't be happier.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Very easy and convenient way to always have a book with you to read.	27in FHD Monitor
Kindle Voyage is easily the best e-reader with an impressive high-resolution display and it is very thin and light weight too. Loving it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love this reader. I recently flew to Texas. My reader made the trip relaxing and a lot more bearable. I love the ease of use. This device is so much better than a pad for readers. You can tuck it in a pocket or purse easily.	USB-C Charging Cable
I had an old Sony e-reader that I loved but it wasn't working too well anymore. I decided that a Kindle was the only viable replacement on the market right now. (Looked at Kobo also). So far, I like it. Great screen, backlight on mine doesn't have the problems that others have complained about.	Wired Headphones
I'm So Happy I Bought This. It Goes Everywhere With Me. Best Thing I Have Purchased In A Long Time.	Google Phone
the type resolution is fantastic and the screen brightness auto adjust compensates perfectly for both dark rooms and full sunshine on the beach!	Wired Headphones
I first bought the Kindle Paperwhite with the 300dpi screen, I didn't think the jump to the Voyage was worth the $80 plus additional taxes. I read about the Voyage and with Georgia having the back to school tax free days and the e-readers qualifying I returned the Paperwhite and purchased this one. Boy am I glad I did.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this for easier reading and it meets my expectations. Great display fidelity.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great ereader. Light and easy to use. Only issue is a bit pricey.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought this as a gift. I think it is pretty decent both quality and design.	Lightning Charging Cable
I have had several Kindle ereaders over the years also Nook, Kobo, and Sony as well, I even had the original Rocket Reader (I still have it) and they have all improved over the years so it's not surprising that the new Voyage is the best one yet. Over all I prefer the Kindle readers now and Amazon has perfected the eBook experience so why go anywhere else.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to use. Comfortable to hold-lightweight and good size. The light adjustment is great. Easy to inadvertently turn the page-sometimes more than one-still trying to figure out how not to do that. Over all, though very happy with it	Google Phone
I love my Kindle Voyage.... it's light and oh so easy to use... it's wonderful to have so many books in a portable format!	LG Dryer
The Kindle Voyage 6 is better than the real thing. After wearing out a first generation Kindle in our home, we knew we wanted something with versatility of the original with a few added features. The background light is a big plus as it allows my wife to read at night without having to keep the lights on. It's a great ereader at the right price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Easy to use and get started with. Have had no issues at all and would recommend.	iPhone
I purchased this to replace a 2nd generation Kindle for my wife. She wanted it because of the backlight. The item exceeded her expectations. Great battery life too. I took he old kindle but plan to buy me one of these in the future.	USB-C Charging Cable
The light from the page does not but a strain on your eyes when reading. I like how light it is to hold.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"Slim fit in my purse, love the page turn ""buttons"". Auto light adjusting is good!"	Apple Airpods Headphones
Replaced a v1 nook but this is not better for reading	Google Phone
"I am extremely pleased with my Kindle Voyage. It lives up to the hype. It is slightly smaller and lighter than the previous version. The ambient light monitor works well. Text is clear and very readable. My only negative comment would be that the battery does not seem to last as long as I expected. I have recently retired; so I am reading more. I recharge the reader about every week and a half. That said, I am reading indoors and perhaps the ambient backlighting is on more than normal."	USB-C Charging Cable
My son truly loves his Kindle. He uses it everyday.	Wired Headphones
bright screen which makes reading it day or night easy	Vareebadd Phone
I like the small size and auto adjustable lighted screen. With my old Kindle I needed to have external light to read, but this one comes with the build one.	USB-C Charging Cable
I received this as a birthday gift and I love it. The auto-brightness is amazing, the battery life is incredible, and the page turning feature is very useful. My only complaints are that it doesn't completely turn off, because it displays ads instead of showing a blank screen, and that the sorting and navigation could be more organized. Other than those two things, which are a minors to a whole, this product is wonderful.	Lightning Charging Cable
I bought one for my Dad, liked it so much I bought one for myself. Even better than the paperwhite.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Its a great tool, however it was hard to use in the beginning. Not sure what happened but I had a hard time connecting to the WiFi at the hotel I was stating at.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I replaced my older Kindle Keyboard, which is larger and heavier than this kindle. Page turning takes some getting used to - I keep touching screen and turning page by mistake. You're able to turn the ""side buttons"" page turning off, but can't turn the touchscreen page turning off - it sure would be nice to allow page turns only with the ""side buttons"" - I think this is a major design flaw. Also, the audio option seems to be missing - you can't have books read aloud to you anymore. Also, no 3G. I almost returned this, but didn't get around to it, so I'm stuck with it."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Was a gift. The receiver really enjoys it and was an upgrade from her previous kindle	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This reader is much more comfortable to hold than the Paperwhite. It is not quite as light as the Nook Glowlight, but the screen is much sharper.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Clear reading in bright light outdoor settings. Long battery life.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Perfect reading light and long battery life. I really love it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great eReader. The PagePress feature is so much better than swiping to turn pages. My only complaint is that I had to turn the auto adjust light feature off as it doesn't seem to reasonably adjust based on where I am reading.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Absolutely love this new Kindle! Light, sharp, glass touchscreen and adaptive front light. Very easy to use and read!	USB-C Charging Cable
I Love To Read On This New Voyage. I Take it Everywhere With Me.Bought A Cute Book Cover For It Also. I Would Recommend This To Anyone Who Loves To Read & Doesn't Want To Lug Around Heavy Books. x x	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I like this Kindle Voyage. There is plenty of storage. The page turning is perfect.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this kindle for my aging mother! It is our third. She loves it! My daughter loves hers as well! Easy to use...even for someone in their 80's!	Wired Headphones
I got this for my sister who is in Paris and she doesn't go anywhere without it. All the benefits of a real book and none of the cons.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great way to read books. The screen is readable in any light. Add a waterproof case and you have the perfect beach or pol side library!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was impressed with the voyage overall. I especially like the light sensor feature because it makes reading enjoyable in all settings.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was a move up from the Paper White reader. I like the option of touch screen or using the pressure switches on on the side which you can adjust to your pressure that you prefer. Sharp fonts refresh is fast and clean.	20in Monitor
I would recommend this to anyone. It's an absolutely amazing product. So light, the auto brightness is great and it's convenient to carry around with you.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Lightweight easy read easy page turning self adjusting read light great too.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
"When my Kindle Paper White was damaged (my fault), I was looking for a replacement. After reading many reviews online, both from ""experts"" and normal users, I chose the Voyager. I've been very satisfied with it. I particularly like the pressure sensitive edges for turning pages."	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
The Kindle from Best Buy has made it easier for me to read. This is my first e-reader. I like the Voyage 6 for its brightness and speed, plus thelarge variety of reading material. I know Amazon is in the business ofmaking money by getting me to purchase Kindle books. However, I havefound several Kindle books available for free from my public library. I will, no doubt, buy some Kindle books elsewhere in the future. Best BuyHas been good to me. I did have a little problem finding someone in thestore who was well-informed on this product but finally got what I wanted.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
my 8 year old son has a new found passion for reading now that he is using this kindle.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Purchased as a gift. It was a good choice. It is as advertised,	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Best Reader ever. I've had a lot of Readers like Paper white 2013, Kindle DX, B&N nook and Kobo Aura HD before I get Kindle Voyage. But this one is really different.The only feature that I wish it'd support is memory slot! I guess Amazon will add it to the next generation of Kindles as well as Kindle Fires...	Lightning Charging Cable
I or a family member have owned every version of the Kindle since it came out. This version has finally taken all of the best elements of the previous Kindles and combined them into one unit. It is small and light, has both touch screen and button functionality (depending on which you prefer - I'm a fan of the buttons), and an excellent back-light. Kindle battery life has always been excellent, and is no different here. I use my Kindle daily, often for at least an hour at a time. The only downside is that I'm not sure what other features Amazon could add to improve this version, other than perhaps making it lighter weight. By far the best e-reader out there, and a worthy upgrade from a previous version	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle! It never runs out of battery. Used it on a three week detachment and never had to charge it.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Clear screen, buttons act up a little. After numerous days of review I feel that this was the best option.	Wired Headphones
I purchased this to replace my first gen Paperwhite. The shadows on the bottom of the Paperwhite always bothered me. I decided to upgrade to the Voyage and it is much better. I like the physical page turn buttons, the higher dpi, and the consistent back lighting. I think the only issue I have with the Voyage is the auto brightness seems a little finicky and I sometimes have to adjust the brightness manually. But that's a small issue for an otherwise great e-reader.	Lightning Charging Cable
so far so good,,,, wife very happy. misses her old one....	ThinkPad Laptop
Went to buy the Kindle Paperwhite, but after comparing them side-by-side I decided to buy the Voyage. I thought that the print was a little sharper and I liked the smaller and lighter weight. I have been using it almost every day and really, really enjoy it.	iPhone
Hy husband loves his kindle.the back light so he can read anywhere with low eye strain is awsome	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the ability to read in sunlight, create files.	Google Phone
Bought this to read out by the pool. Works great! Only thing that could make it better would be if you could adjust text size for imported PDFs.	USB-C Charging Cable
The extra money for the Voyage version is well worth it, as the screen is brighter, clearer, and easier on the eyes. The other specs are also nicer compared to other Kindle versions, but the screen is what sold me.	Flatscreen TV
The original electronic book. Bought it for my wife who reads paper book at two to three a week. She's hooked and loves the Kindle.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Upgraded from an old 2nd gen kindle and this is much better	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love the adjustable font size and the front light which allows me to read in any lighting even without my glasses. Pagepress allows me to turn page effortlessly and i can close my book turning it off and when i resume reading I'm right back where i left off. Love it. Capacity is unbelievable.	Wired Headphones
Perfect size, able to slip in pocket. Nice feel battery last long, clear screen. However if you read quickly if may find yourself sometimes when scrolling to next page more slow or you may flip and skip over pages if pressed lightly.	Wired Headphones
I like this reader.. It is easy to read in daylight with no glare. It has an auto backlight that works well in all lighting situations. I like the links to the dictionary, encyclopedia and internet links in the indigenous. This reader utilizes them all.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I am so glad i procrastinated in buying an e-reader.I was going to get the kindle paperwhite- then the Voyage came out- I bought it and am so happy with it- a joy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Light, easy to read, large capacity and multiple ways to turn pages. What else can I say, it's a wonderful reader, especially in the Florida sunlight. Also, the iPhone app that sync your ready progress is great for times you have your phone but not the kindle.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great for reading books. Print is easily readable. There are a couple of font sizes to adjust to your eyesight, as well as different font types to choose from. It's very easy to change them on the fly without going deep into settings.It has nice features, such as dictionary, where you can quickly check unfamiliar words while reading, create notes, or write and read reviews.Getting books to the reader is straightforward as well. If you have wi fi connection, all you need is to create account. The selected books will be automatically transferred to your reader.If you don't have wi fi, connecting the reader with USB cable should be enough, but make sure if that works before you buy it.Battery charge lasts for a few weeks. You don't have to worry to charge it every day.The charger is not included though. Either you can charge the reader through your computer or buy the charger.Charger is faster and more convenient.There are a lot of websites offering Kindle books, there's a big selection of free books to choose from too. Public libraries, Amazon, number of various websites provide wealth of readings for Kindle.Overall, I'm very satisfied with it.On negative note, I wish the screen was a little bigger, as I don't carry it around, and it's not cheap either.	USB-C Charging Cable
Very good quality product. I bout as a gift for a friend, she loved it	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I own the previous version, now, with this one, I 20 times happier! Everything works like a charm!.. I think I´ve never read so many book like now!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This kindle is a great buy, pretty simple to use, very convenient.	Lightning Charging Cable
It makes reading at night much easier. Easy access to books that are of interest.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Upgraded to this unit from a paperwhite (that I left on a plane somewhere).I find this unit to be a lot crisper, a lot speedier, and overall more pleasurable to use.I purchased the Amazon brand leather-type case with stand-up foot. It adds a bit of girth to hold on to, while reading.The unit is incredibly slim.Battery life is excellent - even when using the backlight.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I would highly recommend this reader for anyone. Easy to download books and fast! Love the fonts and sizes. Lightweight. Great for travelers.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Even better than the Paperwhite, which have used regularly over the past couple of years.	Wired Headphones
I had used the Kindle Paperwhite for quite awhile before I got intrigued by the Voyage seeing it in person. I was apprehensive about upgrading given the higher cost but it was entirely worth it. The Paperwhite is lite in weight but somehow the Voyage feels weightless. The screen is absolutely beautiful and to me the nicest feature is the screen is flush with the bezel around. Little learning curve to the page press on the side but tweaking the settings a little I have it down now.	Apple Airpods Headphones
The Kindle was as a replacement for an earlier model. Its performance and ease of use are superb However, the battery life is far shorter than my older version. It wouldn't last from LA to Frankfort and the old one did.	ThinkPad Laptop
The Voyage is worth the extra money. It's a wonderful device. Very responsive and easy to use. I would highly recommend!	Apple Airpods Headphones
Never thought I would enjoy reading again because reading a boundbook made my eyes to tired to finish one. With the Voyage, I don't get that feeling.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i'm an avid reader and love the Kindle Voyage. i love the adjustable fonts and that it automatically adjust to the light settings. The push sides to flip pages but not if you accidentally bump the wrong side which has happened a few times. Great battery life it's usually a couple of days before i have to recharge.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The KINDLE VOYAGE is a wonderful product and I use it everyday for my reading. I take it to lunch and dinner each day.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This was on my wife's Christmas list. She loves it. Easy to use.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Purchased as a chrismas gift. receipent was very happy with the present.	Google Phone
Got this for my pre teen who took to it like a duck to water. It is great size and easy to pack	Apple Airpods Headphones
"One of the things I love the most about my new Kindle is it's size. It slides so nicely into my compact purse, protective case and all. Another thing I've noticed is the lack of glare that I experienced with my old Kindle. It automatically adjusts to the light and I'm looking forward to being able to read it on the beach without a struggle. I also love the battery life - it goes on forever. The case I bought makes it possible to stand my Kindle up in front of me and read while I'm eating - a must for me - I never eat alone ;)"	Apple Airpods Headphones
Awesome thank goodness for the next week and we will have a good day	USB-C Charging Cable
"What a fun toy this is! It was easy to learn to use, and If I needed help, the online User's Guide is right there. Purchasing books couldn't be easier, and there's no ""hard copy"" to dispose of when you'e done. I was able to check out a book from the public library with little effort. With so many low-cost or no-cost books, as well as current best sellers, there's an endless number to choose from. You can use the search function to search by topic or title. I like using a stylus pen on the touch screen for that. I know I will enjoy my Kindle Voyage for a long time."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a great e-reader, perhaps a little pricey but well worth the money. It is extremely light and the e-ink is very readable.	Google Phone
I've never really liked Kindle's for some reason or another. This one looked and felt really nice. I knew that I would love it as soon as I got it out of the box. It has a very premium feel and is a great substitute for a book.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love the backlight, great feature. Very light weight almost too much so.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The words on the screen are very clear. If a hardcopy book's type is too small I can read it on kindle because I can make the size bigger. Read many positive reviews of the ease of use, page turner, special functions and clear display that I was convinced to buy the kindle voyage	Wired Headphones
Very nice and easy to use and the kindle is great.	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought this reader to replace a Fire HDX that had seemed to go wonky. Turns out a couple of system resets and the HDX is back to normal so I get the old one, she gets the new one.But I can highly recommend this reader - the clarity of the text and the overall functionality is excellent.	USB-C Charging Cable
The touch page Turner is great, you don't have to finger swipe. Although it does take a little more pressure to use than I like I still think it is a great feature.	Lightning Charging Cable
Gave this to my wife for Christmas to replace her well used first generation kindle. She loves it.	Wired Headphones
Easy to use and easy to order books. Now I just have to join amazon prime for the lending library and look into the books i haven't read but want to.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Had the older model that didn't light up... Was always having to get to a lamp. Now I can read anywhere without any worries. The light adjusts as needed. I get lost in my book without any worries. The screen is perfect size with great clarity and easy to travel with.	Apple Airpods Headphones
have owned 2 kindles this is far the best. no light required. simple to use	Flatscreen TV
The technology just keeps getting better and better	Google Phone
I purchased this for my wife as a Christmas present. She loves it, much better than the old Sony reader she had which had limited books and was much more expensive.	Wired Headphones
"First, the good news. The screen is a nice brightness and the words are crisp and clear. Best of all, it is so light and tiny (esp. in the Origami case) that it is super-easy to carry around in a purse. Love that. Also it has an amazing battery life; I have never had it run out on me and I don't even have to recharge it all the time. I thought this would be perfect but I am having two problems: (1) turning pages is not as easy or pleasant as my much-older, now-defunct Kindle. If I don't touch the screen in the right place, the page won't turn, and it usually has an annoying split-second black flash on the screen. The ancient Kindle was easier. (2) About half the time, when I return to reading, the screen is ""frozen"" on the ad. It says ""swipe to open"" but no amount of swiping gets it going. I have to reach to the rear of the kindle (which means disassembling the crimp in the Origami) to press the button on the back to get it to function again. There is no rhyme nor reason to when this happens but it's about half the time. Perhaps I am doing something wrong regarding both flaws but there is no one to ask about it, Best Buy staff doesn't know."	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	20in Monitor
	Vareebadd Phone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
The text is sharp and paper like in well lit conditions. When using the backlight in dark conditions it becomes less paper like but is quiet useful if you wanna ditch clip on lights. Can set on automatic brightness level or manually set. Slim and lightweight when not using a case which I appreciate most about this kindle. Makes for easy holding and carrying/packing. Practically any book at the palm of my hand on this one device. I also like that it has page press which is outer press buttons for page turning. One con is its not all that speedy and responsive when going though the store, though it is the fastest kindle yet. I would NOT say it is 80 to 100 dollars well spent over the paperweight. In fact i would recommend the paper weight when its come down to price. Im just someone who wants the best of the best so I bought 2 of these. One for my love as a gift, then I went and bought myself one. It was a well recieved gift and I aquired major browny points. We give them 4 thumbs up. We can read together in bed, in the woods, on the road or wherever we like. This is the voyager after all and it is intended to be with you wherever you go. I would give it 4.5 if that was an option.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle voyage. It is very little weight and I love the page press that it has, don't even have to move your hand to turn the page. You can read it in the bright sun and in the dark which no over brand of tablets you can do that with.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Love my Kindle! I take it with me everywhere! I would recommend this to all my friends and family!	Flatscreen TV
Kindle voyage is the costliest of the kindle range but its worth it due to light weight and adaptive backlight. Enjoying it so far.	Wired Headphones
Hands down this is the best ereader that you can buy...	Lightning Charging Cable
When you compare the Kindle Voyage 6's Screen to the other model. The Screen was brighter for reading	Wired Headphones
I purchased this for my son overseas as he had broken the screen on his last one. When he opened it he was amazed at the size and weight of this one. He also was very elated that all his books that he purchased immediately downloaded to the new one with his bookmarks in place. All in all a great purchase from an excellent company.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love my Kindle Voyage. The size is much smaller than my older Kindle and the weight is much less. This helps as I take fm Kindle everywhere. Love the touch screen features.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this product for a relative for christmas who had a kindle fire and was looking for an upgrade. With how far technology has grown on phones she was only looking for a reader and something that was lighter on her thumbs when reading then her kindle fire. This product was not only lighter on her thumbs but also worked great in any light.	Lightning Charging Cable
Always great to upgrade new from old version when the staff is always knowledgeable	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"Love this ereader; very convenient. Very easy to use."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is the best Kindle yet and I am loving it! For someone who suffers from eye strain but loves to read, the 300 dpi image resolution and the liquid ink technology are beyond compare. Buy it, you won't regret it!!	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought this reader for a present for my mom. She loves it. Able to take her book with her in a smaller form loves how it looks like paper pages. Easy to order a new book.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is an very good to use in all areas. The letters are very clear.	iPhone
I like this Kindle, but I am not sure it is worth the premium over the Paperwhite. I previously had a Kindle Fire, which was fine, but this is definitely nicer for reading. But it all depends on what you need it for, and how often you will use it.	Wired Headphones
I had been reading on my iPad mini most of the time, but around the pool or at the beach, that was almost impossible. The Voyage is great not only in bright sunshine but inside, even in a pretty dark room. The back light is great for just about any environment. The battery life is fantastic.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product love the auto adjusting black lightLove the weight of the kindle light enough I can hold it with one hand an turn the pages	USB-C Charging Cable
I like the small, light weight size, and the adaptive lighting. But the page turning is too sensitive, skipping ahead many pages when I am just moving the Kindle, and going back and then forward when I am trying to change just one page.	27in FHD Monitor
Nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice, nice	Wired Headphones
My husband loves his new kindle. Lightweight, fast, and the origami cover is great.	Lightning Charging Cable
Great product. Would recommend it to others to buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
My Kindle Voyage is nearly 16 months old and worked perfectly. I kept receiving emails from Amazon about the software update. I switched off airplane mode, switched on wifi and shortly after the screen locked up. I have tried everything with customer support and they now tell me I will have to buy a new one. I am very annoyed. If I had left the software as it was my Kindle Voyage would still be working.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This is our first Kindle, we are learning how to operate it, so far it has been quite easy and enjoyable to use	Wired Headphones
I have always been an avid paper book reader. Never thought I could convert! Purchased the Kindle at Best Buy and I am totally hooked! Love the convenience as well as simp,e access to books (inexpensive) on line.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
the screen flush with the sides is great. The glass feeling is really nice. I don't use the side buttons for page turning but only because of habit. They are great and the need for pressure allows me to hold the kindle without changing pages. But, the price is painful. It is a splurge purchase since the paperwhite is just about as good in nearly every respect.	USB-C Charging Cable
This readeri is compact and fits nicely in my bag. Easy to use, controls for children are very effective. Am glad I bought it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
easy to read, great product When I use different readers they keep tract of where I am in each.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Easily the best one of the various kindles I have had.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Works better than I anticipated.....now I don't need ambient light. Easy to use and read.	27in FHD Monitor
Having had several models of Kindle readers, I can say that this is the best yet and is definitely worth the extra cost.	USB-C Charging Cable
I exchanged the paper white that I had bought for this Voyage. This is thinner, lighter and just easier to hold than the paperwhite. Still getting used to the archive system since I had a Nook before, bit of a learning curve. But I like the Kindle interface better than the Nook, the book suggestions and shopping for books is much better. The only thing I miss is that the Kindle doesn't tell you what % battery you have left, it just shows you the bar in the battery symbol.	Wired Headphones
I think this is a great ereader, I think even better than the Oasis that just came out. I do like that one but I love that this one seems sturdier and offers the automatic brightness adjustment and the vibration feedback when turning pages. One thing I didnt like was that it was hard to find where the page turn areas were at while reading in the dark. To remedy this, I bought a few aluminum button stickers and put them on the lines of the device	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the auto dim feature for reading at night! I have no problem reading in sunlight either. Can be held with one hand and turn the page with the same hand. I have 3 other kindles and I use this one all the time.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I will start off with the fact that I like paper books a lot. I bought the e reader because it's light and can travel with multiple books. The interface is fairly easy to use and it holds a lot of books. The automatic light feature doesn't work as nicely as I would. Overall I am happy with the purchase but there are features that could make it a 5.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Love it, love it!!! Have had several different models. like this one the best. The Kindle Fire was nice but had a hard time reading at night.	Wired Headphones
I had the paperwhite, but this voyage is definitely better. The quality is better, screen is seamless with the edge, which makes it feel premium and delivers more comfortable reading experience. Lighter than the paperwhite, love the pressure sensors to change pages. Overall better experience reading experience than the paperwhite.	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	20in Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Vareebadd Phone
	ThinkPad Laptop
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Vareebadd Phone
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	iPhone
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	20in Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	iPhone
	20in Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	20in Monitor
	Google Phone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	LG Washing Machine
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	iPhone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	20in Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	LG Washing Machine
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	LG Washing Machine
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in FHD Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Vareebadd Phone
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	iPhone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Vareebadd Phone
	Vareebadd Phone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Google Phone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	LG Washing Machine
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Flatscreen TV
	iPhone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Macbook Pro Laptop
	iPhone
" Wi-Fi  3G (Unlocked..."""	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
See more Amazon Kindle Voyage 4GB	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
See more Amazon Kindle Voyage 4GB	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
See more Amazon Kindle Voyage 4GB	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
See more Amazon Kindle Voyage 4GB	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
See more Amazon Kindle Voyage 4GB	Lightning Charging Cable
I would recommend this product. It works great and ver compact.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the feel of it and love the page turn buttton.	Lightning Charging Cable
My husband loves this. They battery life is aweseome. Nice to take when traveling!	iPhone
"Easy to carry; easy to read. Easy to get books and download. Nice to have a dictionary within your book. Able to download books, newspapers or magazines."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The voyage is light and has a battery life of Two weeks. In different light settings the Voyage automatically adjusts. My eyes do not get tired from bad lighting. Reading outside is no problem for the Voyage.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is just what my father wanted. It is portable, light weight and has an amazing backlight.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good replacement for a paperwhite. The addition of the page forward and page backward buttons is huge!	Wired Headphones
I upgraded from the Kindle Touch so I could have a built in light. The light is fantastic. While it took some getting used to the press buttons for page turning on the side, I love that too. Can use it with one hand, and don't have to take hands off to touch the screen. The documentation could use some work. A diagram with what all those icons are that they refer to would be a big help. Took me a long time to figure out how to get the reading progress to what I wanted. One thing, I HATE the new bookmark method. The old 'corner fold' was easier and less intrusive. Still can figure out how to delete from My Clippings. Also I wish Amazon would come out with a case similar to an Otter Box. I don't want leather OR auto turn on, which seems to be problematic on nearly every case I look at.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a Christmas gift. My daughter loves it. She specifically likes the screen lighting.	Wired Headphones
Works as expected. Very easy to use and does not hurt my eyes like a tablet would.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Love this product. Glad I upgraded! The features make it easy to read while traveling by car or plane.	Wired Headphones
I love my kindle voyage. I get distracted when I read on my tablet, so I decided to purchase an eReader. I am very happy I did! I hope to meet my reading challenge now!	27in FHD Monitor
Good value, enjoy using it! I recommend this highly!	USB-C Charging Cable
Very easy and portable I take it everywhere with me	iPhone
Love my new Kindle Voyage. I have an original Kindle but this one does so much more. Recommend it highly.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is my second Kindle device. I enjoy using this to read in lower light conditions with the automatic adjustment. Touch screen is nice, but can accidentally move pagesif your fingers slip. No issues with readability in many light conditions.	Lightning Charging Cable
As a nook user, I had to make a change, so I tried the kindle. It is good.	Lightning Charging Cable
The glass on top of the reader is absolutely a slick and beautiful piece added on what is already an excellent device. Worth the extra $$$.	Lightning Charging Cable
If you are a digital reader, you need a Kindle. This is excellent, but expensive. If you are a casual reader you will probably be happy with a less expensive Kindle. I do recommend a case.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
It is a very good E-Reader, battery lasts for weeks.	iPhone
I love the kindle voyage. My favorite feature is that I can read while at the beach!! It's also very lightweight and fits in one hand.	Google Phone
Makes reading outdoors enjoyable and I spend more time at the beach!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Ergonomic and easy to get new books. My house is full of books and I need to quit stockpiling them. And I can't remember what I read years ago. This device helps.	Wired Headphones
It is better than in thought it was. At first I didnt like how small the screen was, but then the conistent reading, it got much better. After a month i it grew on me.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bright backlight- amazing controls + Kindle features	27in FHD Monitor
Great and easy read especially when outside in the sun.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this. We love to travel and now I can download a bunch of books to read on our trips. Now that I have this I don't know how I survived those long flights without it.	Wired Headphones
"I had to ask for help because they don't keep this model on display, it's ""behind the counter"". But other than that, in-store was a breeze. And the product exceeds my expectations. Although, it would be even better if it was waterproof--- but it does perfectly fit into a medium baggie."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I bought this as a gift for my wife who loves reading. She has really enjoyed being able to. Andy this sleek reader in her purse when she's on the go.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have owned several Kindles and this is the best one yet	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this so i can save all of my books. It was a bit small at first but you get used to it. Overall i am very satistfy	Lightning Charging Cable
The only issue with this kindle is the price, otherwise, it's awesome. Light, compact, with a long battery life and tons of features... like an automatic backlight which is useful if you read at night.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
As far as e-readers go this has to be the best experience I've had with one. Simplistic and ergonomic design allows you to fly through books.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I was expecting better battery life cause they claim 6weeks of battery life. I am getting 3weeks. I wish it was little better than that. But that's my only issue	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This Kindle is amazing. It is extremely readable in any condition, bright lights or dark. The auto dimming function is super and the size and weight is amazing.	Lightning Charging Cable
The quality of the display is amazing - the battery life is fantastic	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I had one of the original Kindles and I found that I just absolutely quit reading and it was because of the bulk and size of the Kindle. I decided to give this one a try and I absolutely love it and I'm back to reading every day and the reason is because it is more the size of a paperback. It's lightweight and I love that I can read at night without having have a light on. I did however purchase The Geek Squad protection after my dog that was sitting in my lap almost said it flying to the floor when he jumped up out of my lap	Lightning Charging Cable
It allows you to focus on your reading and not wandering to the internet. Great for reading in the dark. No need to buy a small lamp to read in the dark and easy to read in the daylight. Battery last a long time.	Flatscreen TV
This is my second Kindle (the first one lasted several years). I enjoy the ability to read in the dark without background light. The backlight works very well and does not have the eye strain that a tablet may have. With the touch surface, I find it a little too sensitive and have accidentally moved several pages. The side page turn works very well. Much easier to travel with this unit than a large book.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love how easy the Kindle is to operate. It is very intuitive, and requires only a short learning curve. Also it is one of the most economical ways to read books.	USB-C Charging Cable
Great product. She uses it everyday. Super light and easy to navigate.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It is a good reading device. When the price drop to 100 dollar, it is a deal. You need to buy one at that level.	Macbook Pro Laptop
This is my first electronic reading device. I was one of those people saying I like the paper book in my hands. However the convenience, especially when traveling, is an understatement.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am really pleased with my new Kindle, I had one of the oldest versions and was reluctant at first on getting this one, but oh boy, I hit the jackpot.if you have never owned a Kindle you will be really pleased on how easy on your eyesight this thing is compared to reading on a tablet.Battery life is amazing, I turned off wifi and got over 4 weeks of battery life by reading around 1 hour a day, I recharged it before it was completely depleted.The addition of backlight is actually cool, even reading before night it did not disrupt my sleep cycle.And you get all the goodies of Amazon backing up your digital content.Overall I am very pleased with my purchase.	Wired Headphones
This is the 3rd Kindle we have purchased and they keep getting a little nicer with each version. The light on this one is a really nice feature. The battery life is better, the page turning options are better, it is lighter... there are just a lot of nice little improvements. If you like to read in an electronic format I cannot imagine disliking the Kindle.	USB-C Charging Cable
My biggest gripe with it was the lack of directions. My first purchase went to the wrong card because I had no idea what the 1-click option was.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Really like to read ebooks on the Kindle. The contrast is perfect so there is no strain on the eyes. The smooth feel gives a good user experience.	Wired Headphones
very good produ ct and service will defintely refer to a freind.	USB-C Charging Cable
This kindle has better resolution and contrast ratio.It is light and comfortable. I would recommend this device at deal price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I was fortunate to order one of these as soon as it was announced. As an Amazon Prime member, I was able to buy the Fire TV Stick for 19 during a two day sale. I figured, for that price, I might as well test it out!Set up was easy and straight forward. I find that the interface is quick and easy to use. The interface and streaming on the Stick is much faster than the Amazon app built into my HDTV. This fact alone made this a great purchase. Here are some more thoughts I have on the Fire TV Stick so far: PROS:- Quick, easy to use, polished interface- Wireless streaming works really well- Amazon Instant video loads, fast forwards, and rewinds really fast- A dedicated Prime Menu allows Prime members to easily see what free content is available- Unlike Chromecast, the Fire TV Stick includes a remote- Can stream your own videos by first uploading them to your cloud disk- Can play quite a few casual games- Awesome, irresistible price for Amazon Prime users. I got it for 19 during the two day sale.- Better specs than Chromecast and Roku Stick- Ultraportable. I plan to use Fire TV Stick when I travel for work and to visit family- Stream local videos and other content using the Plex app http://www.amazon.com/Plex-Inc/dp/B004Y1WCDE/ (Thanks BikeRider!) CONS:- Included remote doesn't support voice search. That remote costs extra. Would be nice to have a second Fire TV Stick model that includes the voice search remote, rather can requiring us to buy a second remote.- Probably won't be able to use universal remotes with this unless Logitech offers a compatible device.- Not as fast as Fire TV, but since the Stick is so much cheaper, this is not really an issue.Read more	USB-C Charging Cable
Since the Fire TV stick was announced, I've heard a lot of people wonder if it was something worth picking up, essentially asking what does this thing do that my TV doesn't do already The answer is going to be different for different people, but here's an easy way to think about it Amazon Fire TV Stick is an excellent purchase if:-Your TV is not a smart TV. Meaning your TV or dvd player did not come pre-loaded with apps such as Netflix, Youtube, Pandora etc...-Your TV is a smart TV, but apps do not perform well. Some smart TVs have painful performance when streaming video, apps can be difficult to update, wifi connection can be spotty etc...-You want to access Youtube, Netflix, Amazon Prime, Pandora, and other such apps on your TV-You are an Amazon Prime Member and want to access your Prime Video, Prime Music, and Prime Photo accounts-You want to participate in casual gaming on your television.-You want to listen to music on your TV-You want to have portability. In other words, Television access to the above services while you are travelling. (Amazon says the capability to use in hotels/dorms etc... with shared wifi that requires frequent password entry is coming soon)So, the bottom line is that the Fire TV Stick allows you to access your movies, music and photos as well as games and more via your television. If your TV already does these things well, or you're already doing them via other devices such as a game console, then this may not be worth your while.So, how easy is it to use I'm telling you, you do not have to have an ounce of technological know how to have this thing up and running in a matter of minutes.Read more	USB-C Charging Cable
UPDATE! 11/11/15: More than a year now of using the stick literally every single evening for netflix, and it has been overall very reliable.Bottom line This is the best streaming device for the dollar(In my humble opinion) It's cheap, it handles netflix/prime/hboGo/plex/games/a lot more doesn't seem much slower than the full firetv box. I started with a Roku2 in the living room which got pushed to the bedroom when i got the firetv box, then the firetv stick replaced the roku2. I tried the roku stick but returned it because it was just too darn slow. I'm completely firetv now and 100 happy with it..What it does: It adds internet/streaming functionality to any tv/monitor with an HDMI port. You can use any of the thousands of paid and/or free apps such as netflix, amazon prime, hulu, plex, news, digital fireplace, etc... There's a ton you can do. With some extra effort you can sideload things like Kodi and 3rd party apps. It's super simple to use, and the image quality can be great if your internet connection is fast.The Good stuff...-Same pricerange as the less capable/less powered Chromecast Roku stick-More ram/memory than the competition(keeps things running smooth)-More storage space than the competition, you can store more apps/games/etc..-You can do some gaming with it, but the firetv box is better suited-So small you can bring it pretty much anywhere with ease.-Simple clean interface.-Lots of games/apps to choose from-The phone app is actually pretty usefulNot as good stuff...-No connections other than usb for power, if you need ethernet/audio in/out, get the box!Read more	Lightning Charging Cable
I initially had trouble deciding between the paperwhite and the voyage because reviews more or less said the same thing: the paperwhite is great, but if you have spending money, go for the voyage.Fortunately, I had friends who owned each, so I ended up buying the paperwhite on this basis: both models now have 300 ppi, so the 80 dollar jump turns out pricey the voyage's page press isn't always sensitive, and if you are fine with a specific setting, you don't need auto light adjustment).It's been a week and I am loving my paperwhite, no regrets! The touch screen is receptive and easy to use, and I keep the light at a specific setting regardless of the time of day. (In any case, it's not hard to change the setting either, as you'll only be changing the light level at a certain time of day, not every now and then while reading).Also glad that I went for the international shipping option with Amazon. Extra expense, but delivery was on time, with tracking, and I didnt need to worry about customs, which I may have if I used a third party shipping service.	27in FHD Monitor
Allow me to preface this with a little history. I am (was) a casual reader who owned a Nook Simple Touch from 2011. I've read the Harry Potter series, Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series, 1984, Brave New World, and a few other key titles. Fair to say my Nook did not get as much use as many others may have gotten from theirs.Fast forward to today. I have had a full week with my new Kindle Paperwhite and I have to admit, I'm in love. Not just with the Kindle, but with reading all over again! Now let me relate this review, love, and reading all back to the Kindle. The investment of 139.00 is in the experience you will receive when you buy a Kindle. You are not simply paying for a screen there is an entire experience included in buying from Amazon.I have been reading The Hunger Games trilogy and shall be moving onto the Divergent series soon after. Here is the thing with the Nook that hindered me for the past 4 years: I was never inspired to pick it up, get it into my hands, and just dive in. There was never that feeling of oh man, reading on this thing is so awesome. However, with my Paperwhite, I now have that feeling! That desire is back and I simply adore my Kindle. If you are considering purchasing one, stop thinking about it simply go for it. After a full week, 3 downloaded books, and a ton of reading, I still have half of my battery left as well.Make yourself happy. Inspire the reader inside of you.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am enjoying it so far. Great for reading. Had the original Fire since 2012. The Fire used to make my eyes hurt if I read too long. Haven't experienced that with the Paperwhite yet.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I bought one of the first Paperwhites and have been very pleased with it its been a constant companion and I suppose Ive read, on average, a book every three days for the past however many years on it. I wouldnt give it up youd have to pry it from my cold dead fingers.For sundry logistical reasons, Ive also made good use of Amazons Kindle app on my iPhone. No Paperwhite screen, naturally, and all the cool usability that delivers, but it works well and has its own attractions as a companion to the Kindle.Of course, there are aspects of the Paperwhite which I would like to critique. Ah you knew that was coming somewhere, didnt you.As a member of BookBub, I get a daily list of alerts and book deals in my chosen genres. I take on many of them, however, Ive found that, even with the best will in the world, I cant keep up. Some days it seems that for every book I read, Ive bought two. Theres just so much good stuff out there! The accumulative effect of this is that the number of books actually on my Paperwhite has been creeping ever upward for some time. Its now at about 400.With this in mind, Ive noticed that while page-turning has remained exactly the same, just about every other action on the Kindle has become positively glacial. Not just very slow, but so slow you think its malfunctioning. The general consensus appears to be that its to be expected once one has that many books downloaded onto a Kindle, it will begin to behave in a flakey manner. This drives me mad. Amazon states it can hold thousands of books. I believe them. But I figure I would need a second Paperwhite to read while Im waiting for actions to complete on the first one.Read more	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have to say upfront - I don't like coroporate, hermetically closed stuff like anything by Apple or in this case, Amazon. I like having devices on which I can put anything I want and use it. But...I was a fairly happy user of a Nook Touch for several years, but couldn't use all its functionalities since I live in Serbia. Then I lost the Nook and since no other devices can actually be fully used in Serbia (buying books with them, using their online capabilities) except the Kindle, and since no one except Amazon ships to Serbia, and since I've actually been a happy Amazon customer since 2005 over friends' accounts and since 2007 through my own, and since the Kindle definitely has the best technology - why not buy itSo I did. What I read in many reviews about the screen/light of the Paperwhite and similar devices was no problem with mine. The light disperses just fine, except a few black blotches (maybe you can see it in the picture) at the bottom of the screen, which are actually shadows of the black plastic casing and thus can't really be avoided. As you can see in the picture without the light - there are no blotches with light out.The Paperwhite's screen is just marvelous at 300 ppi, the touchscreen works just fine, the store works here in Serbia, and in these two days I've been using it, I'm a happy guy.I had to get the hang on how to make sideloaded books behave at least almost like Amazon books, but that's fine. That's the one thing I'd like to see Amazon do in some future upgrades: make the Kindle treat sideloaded books just like the ones bought from them directly, with sharing funcion (quotes and Goodreads) enabled and so on.The size is perfect, it sits very well in the hand, the light doesn't hurt the eyes in the dark (like the light on a tab does)... the packaging was fine, no problems there and what remains to be seen now is the battery life.So far, I can only recommend it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My previous kindle was a DX, this is my second kindle in years. Love the form factor and all but I do miss the physical buttons for page turning. There is a glitch in the software though. I use the English interface but occasionally I would like to translate words into traditional Chinese. However, it seems that the traditional Chinese characters cannot display correctly and become small boxes. The simplified Chinese characters can be displayed correctly though.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Just got mine right now. Looks the same as the previous generation except for the Kindle logo (it's black this time), feels a little heavier, the screen is a little warmer toned than the previous one, BUT the resolution is SO MUCH BETTER! The 300 ppi are definitely obvious and the new font is worth the money.Totally recommend it for a book lover!I'll give it 4 stars instead of 5 because I am used to a cooler screen, but I'm sure I'll get used to this one soon too :)	Wired Headphones
As reviewed by the wife This is the perfect thing for a new mommy who loves to read books! As soon as I had my baby girl, I had to stop reading my novels because I had to give the baby my full attention. But how much time do I spend laying in bed, on my side, with the baby while she feeds Especially prior to 4 months when feeding took as long as 45 minutes! Not to mention cluster feeds during growth spurts! A book was out of the question because it's sooo tiring to hold up in side-lying-breastfeeding-position. My new Kindle was the solution! It's light, easy to disinfect (I use baby wipes on the case whenever I feel like it's not clean enough to go on the bed with the baby) and you don't need to keep a finger in the middle of the pages to keep it from closing - you know what I mean!And for some reason it's much easier to go through a book with a Kindle compared to an actual book. I never thought I'd be converted into the Kindle culture but here we are!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My new Kindle Paperwhite came from the USA to a small town in Sweden in just five days. Payment of tax and customs handled by Amazon. Had not the UPS been so square (they think everyone sits at home all day) I had received it a day earlier.I am very pleased with the e-reader, easy on the eyes, and comfortable to hold in one hand. Even if I buy many books from Amazon I also want to read books in the ePub format. A positive surprise was how easy it is to convert ePub format to Amazon's own format. I use the program Calibre and then I just send the book as an attachment in an e-mail to my Kindle. Quick and easy!	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Had older model, that you could text to speech, this one hasn't. Liked the smaller size, but having to buy a different cover! Still getting used to shelf quite different from my 4 year old model.Paper white is nice reading.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a review of the Kindle Paperwhite launched July 2015. Essentially. the same as the previous Kindle Paperwhite but with a fantastic upgraded (300 dpi) screen, more memory and storage it's a terrific reading device. This review aims to describe both this product, and compare it with the other Kindle devices available to help you choose the best one for you.Before I start, Ive noticed several complains about Kindle not supporting the ePub format used by Canadian public libraries. Dont be put off, theres a solution in the Frequently Asked Questions section below.This review is broken up into sections so you can skip the less interesting bits. If youre in a hurry Ive included a summary at the start, and a Frequently Asked Questions section at the end.Summary - What can you do with it-----------------------------------------* Read a book. It can store 1,000s of books - take an entire library away with you on holiday.* Buy a book. You can browse the Amazon kindle store, and buy books over a WIFI connection* Borrow a book. Using the Kindle Owners Library you can borrow one of 60,000 books (if you have Amazon Prime Membership)* Share your books. Using Amazon Family Library to link two Amazon accounts and four children and share your books with the entire family* Highlight a section. Using the touch screen, you can highlight a particulary interesting few lines. If several people highlight the same section, that's also indicated.* Record a bookmark. To come back to it later* Read a book on your Kindle, continue on your smartphone or tablet computer, and it will jump to your last known position* Look up a word, and record them in the vocabulary builder* Track a characters appearance throughout a book using the X Ray feature.* Read for weeks without needing to recharge - typically 4-6 weeks* Share you books (Multiple Kindles on the same account, or family sharing)* Access every book you've ever owned on the cloud - available for download within seconds over WIFI or 3G..What Devices are available--------------------------------As of July 2015, Amazon have the following Kindle devices on sale:-1. Kindle 6 (around CDN 79)2. Kindle Paperwhite 6th Generation (212 dpi - launched October 2013) - around CDN 1292. New Kindle Paperwhite 7th Gen (300 dpi - launched July 2015) - around CDN 139-2093. Kindle Voyger - around US 219-289 (Doesnt seem to be on sale in Amazon Canada)4. Kindle Fire - 6 or 7 colour tablet computers at around CDN 300-400So you're faced with a few devices, plus additional options. Which to buy Here's a quick summary in order of cost.*** The entry level Kindle ***An entry level black and white (e-ink) book reader, it has a 6 inch touch screen with enough storage to hold thousands of books, and a battery which should last around 4 weeks.A terrific device to read books, and a worthy contender. For the technically minded, it has a 1Ghz processor and 4Gb of memory with an E-ink display. Essentially this means it's (a) Black and White (b) Fantastic to read even in bright sunlight (c) Requires very little power - hence the battery lasts for weeks instead of hours.*** New Kindle Paperwhite ***Launched in 2015, this is really an upgrade adding a super-sharp display with 300 pixels per inch - the same as the top of the range Voyage. The high resolution screen does provide a crisp text which is pleasing to the eye, but battery life is reduced from 8 weeks of the original Paperwhite to 6 weeks - but still a very long time.Compared to the existing (2013) Paperwhite it also includes double the memory which means its faster and slicker than before, and a new Bookerly font plus better presentation of fonts on screen.If you have an existing Paperwhite its probably not worth upgrading. However, if you own a prior device, youll notice the huge leap in screen quality, contrast and performance.*** The Voyage ***Far more expensive that Paperwhite, this is thinner and 26g lighter. It has more of a quality feel with the screen flush with the e-reader body which makes it look more like a tablet, and keeps dirt from getting caught in the edges. The back has a soft touch plastic finish which feels lovely in the hand, and it has new Page Press buttons on the side to turn the pages. When the buttons are pressed theres a gentle vibration for feedback (nice touch). It has 4Gb of storage (same as the Paperwhite), and a similar battery which should last around 6 weeks on a single charge.Although it has the same sharp (300 dpi) screen as the Paperwhite, the backlight includes an ambient light sensor so it automatically adjusts to different lighting conditions. This means if you read it the dark it will automatically adjust the brightness so it doesnt look too bright. In addition, youll find when you switch off the room light your eyes naturally become accustomed to the darkness. To compensate, the Voyage automatically softens the light slightly. A lovely example of attention to detail in this premium device.*** Kindle Fire Tablet Computer ***The Kindle Fire range is a very different beast to the rest of the Kindle range. Similar to the Apple iPad mini, it has a high resolution screen, a fast processor and lots of memory with a colour screen and a much shorter battery life - hours rather than weeks. Although you can read books on a Fire using the Amazon Kindle App, youll find the Kindle with its sharp black and white screen far more like reading a physical book. Youll find it produces less eye strain, and whereas a tablet computer is better suited to surfing the web, watching videos and reading eMails, the Kindle is a dedicated book reader device.Unlike a Kindle, the Fire produces light at the blue end of the spectrum which means it may make it harder for you to sleep. The Paperwhite and Voyage also ave the advantage of a soft white back-light which is far more suited to reading in bed, and it wont for example, wake your partner if reading in the dark.Finally, unlike the rest of the Kindle range, the Fire is almost useless in bright sunlight so while its fine for everyday use, its less useful on holiday. The Kindle range of devices are perfect to take away on holiday as they can carry thousands of books, and are a pleasure to read even in bright sunlight.What other options do I have----------------------------------Having decided upon the model (Kindle, Paperwhite, Voyage or Fire), the next decision is around:-* Special Offers - ie. adverts* 3G or WIFI connectionPersonally I have no issue with adverts on a Kindle. They only appear on screen when the screen saver is on, and are not at all distracting.The 3G option is a more difficult question. This effectively means you can use your kindle to buy or download books over-the-air instead of at home or near a WIFI hotspot. Personally I went for the WIFI model as the saving is considerable, but its a personal choice. Of course if you wont have WIFI at home, then youll need the 3G option.One point worth mentioning however, is if you have a modern smartphone, you can always create a Personal Hotspot or local WIFI signal that your Kindle (or indeed any other WIFI device) can connect to. Got to Settings Personal Hotspot on your mobile to set one up, and you can connect your WIFI only Kindle while youre out and about.Conclusion-------------If you love books but your on a budget, the original Kindle with WIFI and special offers is a great option. Youll still be able to carry thousands of book around with you, but youll lose out on the soft white back-light and super crisp display of the Papwerwhite.The Kindle Paperwhite is your next best option and is a terrific device for reading with a superb 300 dpi super-sharp screen. Finally, theres the top of the range Voyage with the page press buttons and ambient light sensor which automatically adjusts the brightness.If youre in the market for a Tablet Computer then the Kindle Fire range is worth considering, but youll get a better book reading experience on the Kindle. Myself I have both a Paperwhite and an iPad Air 2. I was skeptical at first, but the Kindle is a perfect device for reading with one hand (on the train), and the back-light and long battery life a huge bonus.Frequently Asked Questions---------------------------------Q: What file format will a Kindle readA: Kindle Format 8 (AZW3), Kindle (AZW), TXT, PDF, unprotected MOBI, PRC natively in addition to HTML, DOC, DOCX, JPEG, GIF, PNG, BMP through conversionQ: What It doesnt support EPUB formatA: No - but you can convert your EPUB books using a freely available program called Calibre. Simple search for You Tube um0teoAR6zw and youll see a video explaining how to do this. Simples.Q: If I lose my Kindle, do I lose my books as wellA: No. All books are available on your Amazon account to download on a new device.Q: Can I save my place in the bookA: Yes. It will automatically save your place, and if you resume on other device it will prompt you to jump to that position.Q: I often need reading glasses - can I adjust the font sizeA: Yes. Theres a range of fonts, and sizes to suit all tastesQ: Can I share books with my partner or childrenA: Yes. You can now share your books using Amazon Family Library to link two Amazon accounts and four children and share your books with the entire familyQ. Can I use a Kindle to read in bedA. Yes. But only on the Paperwhite and Voyage models. Its a pleasure to read in the dark with a soft white light. For the base Kindle model youll need the light onQ. Are there any free books availableA. Yes! Over 40,000 classic titles are available for free (out of copyright), and they can be legally downloaded. If you have a Amazon Prime membership you can also borrow a book from the Kindle Owners Library which includes around 60,000 books.Q: How long does the battery lastA: Depending upon model, you should get between 4 and 6 weeks between charges on around 30 minutes of reading per day. Ive certainly found Ive gone for weeks without charging the deviceQ: How long does it take to chargeA: From absolutely flat, around 4 hoursQ: How many books will the Kindle holdA: Literally thousands. You can also download every book youve ever owned from your Amazon account - so the list is quite literally unlimited.Q: Do I need anything elseA: Youll need a smartphone charger or laptop with a USB socket as the Kindle range doesnt come with a charger (but the Fire does). Amazon also offer an additional charger to buy if you need it. Some people also buy a cover, but I think this is not really needed. It adds to the weight, and is not really needed. It will protect your Kindle from a drop however, and protect the screen if its left knocking around in a bag.	iPhone
I love my kindle! I got one for my fiance on his birthday, he loved it!!!!!!! so I decided to get one for myself as well and I am glad I did. It is very easy to read books in it. I LOVE the dictionary on this little device. Normally I just skip a word I don't know the meaning of and try to guess what it means in the context but with kindle, I just press and hold my finger on the word I don't know and translation pops up! so essentially, the meaning of a new word is at your finger tips! )If you love to read books, I highly recommend kindle.However, if you only read Manga or Comic books, if you are a fan of buying how to draw, how to sew books I do not recommend kindle for you. It is not easy to navigate trough pictures and slides.So if you are a fan of reading novels just buy it now!If you are a manga fan, just buy your manga books from bookstores.	iPhone
Vraiment bon petit appareil , lger et facile d emploiJ ai hte de m en servir sur les plages cet hiverBelle bibliothque de livres disponiblesBon achat en bref	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Exactly what it is supposed to be. Works great and I love the built-in light. Perfect reader, and very quick delivery.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Trs heureux que les livres soient sur Icloud. Aprs m'tre fait voler, c'est bien de pouvoir retrouver tous mes livres avec toutes les notes que j'avais prises.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Only 4 stars because I found it very confusing at first. I had a Kindle before found it very easy to find what I needed to do. The user guide didn't really answer my questions, but I persisted am getting used to it. I really love the backlit screen no buttons to push to change pages. At first I wasn't sure about the smaller screen, but didn't take long to get over that. I'm sure I'm just a creature of habit not very techy. All in all, the Kindle Paperwhite is great.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Almost like reading a real book. Don't is crisp, sharp and easy to read. I've held out from buying a reader for years because I could never quite get past the fact it wasn't a book. With this new kindle I don't even notice, I am immediately immersed. Wildly better than I expected.	Lightning Charging Cable
I already had an original Kindle Paperwhite and loved it. Buying this in addition seemed like a bit of an indulgence but I am so pleased I made this move. I love the new font and the clarity of the screen. I love that the Kindle comes to life when I open the cover (I bought a new cover with the magnetic clasp). While there is nothing dramatic about the evolving of the Kindle there are enough changes and improvements for me to feel I have made a great purchase which I am happy with. I also have a bunch of books from my Amazon.co.uk site which I access on my 'old' Kindle (I couldn't work out how, if at all, I can move books from one Amazon jurisdiction to another) so this has proved a good purchase all round.	Lightning Charging Cable
Received my new kindle in perfect condition and I am very happy it is faster and a clearer it has a. bigger had drive at a good price and a fast delivery that you can count on you can not go wrongThank you	Apple Airpods Headphones
My 3 yr old has already figured it all out. User friendly and durable with the case. Lots of free content, keeps them busy when need be.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My children really enjoy this tablet. We have tried other brand tablets and those were not too kid friendly, even though they were kid tablets, and I found them a little advanced for my children's ages. So this tablet was perfectly age appropriate, and with a bigger memory than the previous, no complaints.	27in FHD Monitor
I love it so and so my kids.They r enjoying playing the educational games, and watching cartoons.	20in Monitor
I love it for my kids, they r enjoying playing games and watching kids cartoon.	Macbook Pro Laptop
My daughter loves it! She uses it with ease, which makes me an mommy very happy. No complaints. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend. Very helpful employees at Best Buy as well.	Apple Airpods Headphones
What a great tablet for for the grand kids.easy to use,can't say how many times it's hit the floor and no damage.	Wired Headphones
doesnot work After three weeksI cannot open it. so sad	Apple Airpods Headphones
This device is a classic reader for people also a good gift for students. It is very comfortable to use it.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had previously purchased the first kindle fire for reading but I would get distracted with all those other apps you can get on it. When the kindle paper white came out I decided Ill give it a try. I love reading in the dark with it and that it looks like the pages in a physical book. I also love the word wise it helps to review words you didnt know later if you want, growing your vocabulary.	Lightning Charging Cable
This is a nice reader that we gave to our granddaughter. She enjoys he childrens books she can read and we enjoy the limited Wi-Fi capabilities.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The paperwhite is very similar to a real book. The light setting is helpful and eyes friendly. One battery charge can last long.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I bough this for my husband and he loves it so much uses it everyday!! Worth ever penny!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I had one of the original Kindles and gave it to my daughter when I got an iPad. As much as I love my iPad, it's not ideal as an E-reader. After a trip or two this summer to the beach with a good old fashioned paperback, I figured I'd try out the New Kindle Paperwhite. I'm so glad I did! It is small, lightweight, and holds a charge for days! I love it, and have been reading book after book since my purchase.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love the Kindle product and the paper white is easy to read in daylight, low light, and no light.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Very easy to use. It's small enough to fit in my purse so I can always have a book to read with me.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great product we love it, buybuyby good good good product	iPhone
The battery lasts very long. This saves me so much space at home!! I take it with me everywhere gym, work, long trips!! Very happy with my purchase...	Google Phone
I got it just for reading text books...great for readin	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I really enjoy my new kindle. I can read in the dark, I can have all my books without taking up space, and the battery lasts a long time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Really like the touch screen factor. Really lights up easy to read especially since you can enlarge the font	ThinkPad Laptop
Is easy to use, great to look up words you dont know as you go along.Its also great that the light isnt shone up into your eyes, it makes it so that they dont get easily tired and they dont hurt.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Comments on Kindle Paperwhite1) Basic functioning of page forward & back - excellent2) Footnote action often led to loosing place. It was easy to accidentally press a footnote when doing normal forward or back. Pressing the top right x sometimes returned to text, but often was dead - requiring selecting Go To Footnotes. Picking the correct < footnote returned to correct position - but too easy to accidentally press a different footnote - send me off to wrong text position. While doing things right raises no problems - it is to easy to get in trouble. Enabling the x at all times would be safer.3) Occasionally a small print message such as 91 highlighters would appear between the lines. Supposed to show where other kindle users highlighted text. Does not highlight any text.	Flatscreen TV
You will not regret this purchase! The kindle holds a charge for more than a week, is super light weight, easy on the eyes, and allows you to define words with the point of a finger! It even adds defined words to a vocabulary list, so you can review them!	Wired Headphones
I prefer the deficated e-readers to tablets for reading. I have both this Paoerwhite and a current-gen Nook Glow Light. I really like the Glow Light  especially its rugged construction  and I still use it, but the Paperwhite is better.The Glow Light has no bevel and a touch-sensitive button on the front. This means I am constantantly turning the page or returing to the home screen by accident. It's very annoying, and I have a hard time finding a comfortable way to hold it. It seems like I'm always thinking about where my fingers are. I do not have this problem at all on the Paperwhite.The Paperwhite is a great little reader for the money. I would definitely buy another.	Google Phone
I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO YOU. This product is really light and portable. You can carry it to caf or library for reading. There is no harm to your eyes because of it specific technology. The only drawback is that it will flash when you turn the page. But this is the common problem for this kind of reading stuff. I think it is acceptable. I bought on the price of 99 with a 25 discount. So it really worth it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Got this for my fianc and she loves how easy it is to use, and how light the product is. Would highly recommend to all book readers.	Wired Headphones
"Bought for our child who has vision issues but LOVES to read.  She can borrow library books and they return ""automatically"". Appreciate that the screen lighting is more gentle than other tablet items. Grateful for no game options. Wish I could control the ads better! That's my only complaint. Some advertised books are plain wrong for a young one but there it is with a sample or picture. Just gotta keep an eye on that."	Vareebadd Phone
Purchased this as an upgrade to the first generation Kindle Paperwhite. The backlight is greatly improved, the display is of a higher quality, the words are clearer and the internal process is a lot quicker  opening books and page flipping is noticeably speedier.The one thing that does annoy me about the 3rd generation Paperwhite is the way it's manufactured  when you hold it at a certain angle and you look at the bottom of the screen, you can see a small section of the display covered in the e-ink used to render the words and images on the rest of the screen. At first I thought this was a manufacturing defect, so I took it back to Best Buy and exchanged it for the same model, only to find that the second model had the same issue, except more-visible.This appears to have something to do with the way the display is placed behind the bezel during the manufacturing process. When the Paperwhite first came out, it was the crown jewel of Amazon's e-reader line, and Amazon was careful to precision-craft the devices. Now, that honor falls to the more-expensive Voyage, with the Paperwhite becoming the flagship, but still cheaper, option in the Kindle lineup, meaning the manufacturing quality of the Paperwhite is likely a bit reduced compared to that of the Voyage.This won't be a huge annoyance for some people. It is for me. And it's seriously made me consider whether it's worth contacting Amazon over.For everyone else, though, this is a great e-reader and well worth the money. If you're looking for an e-reader, this is the one to buy.	Wired Headphones
I absolutely LOVE my new Kindle! I'll never run out of good books to read again! Best Buy had it delivered 3 days before I even expected it to arrive. Couldn't be happier	Lightning Charging Cable
El libro electrnico es muy prctico, puedes tener todos los libros ah.	Apple Airpods Headphones
If you are a hardcore reader, this is your Kindle! The light makes a huge difference to read under any conditions, its a big improvement from the standard Kindle, if you are unsure between one or the other, go for the Paperwhite, its worth the extra money.	Macbook Pro Laptop
It took a bit for me to get used to the Kindle as I was used to reading the books on my phone with the Kindle app. I was a bit bummed with losing the color. I also dont like that it has no sound. Other than that it's a nice lightweight device with a good battery life. At first I thought it was defective because it froze up the first time I plugged in the usb. It actually stayed frozen for a couple days before it finally started working again.	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased this as an upgrade to the first generation Kindle Paperwhite. The backlight is greatly improved, the display is of a higher quality, the words are clearer and the internal process is a lot quicker — opening books and page flipping is noticeably speedier.The one thing that does annoy me about the 3rd generation Paperwhite is the way it's manufactured — when you hold it at a certain angle and you look at the bottom of the screen, you can see a small section of the display covered in the e-ink used to render the words and images on the rest of the screen. At first I thought this was a manufacturing defect, so I took it back to Best Buy and exchanged it for the same model, only to find that the second model had the same issue, except more-visible.This appears to have something to do with the way the display is placed behind the bezel during the manufacturing process. When the Paperwhite first came out, it was the crown jewel of Amazon's e-reader line, and Amazon was careful to precision-craft the devices. Now, that honor falls to the more-expensive Voyage, with the Paperwhite becoming the flagship, but still cheaper, option in the Kindle lineup, meaning the manufacturing quality of the Paperwhite is likely a bit reduced compared to that of the Voyage.This won't be a huge annoyance for some people. It is for me. And it's seriously made me consider whether it's worth contacting Amazon over.For everyone else, though, this is a great e-reader and well worth the money. If you're looking for an e-reader, this is the one to buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
The device has friendly operation interface. The resolution is high.The battery also lasts pretty long. It is a good one. I like it.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my son to encourage his reading ,and very pleased with this device. I have sideloaded the ability to rent library books and it works well. He can read easily without tiring his eyes or needing to go to library frequently. Since I have to drive him everywhere it helped both of us.  I wish there were more apps available and native library rental specifically.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
If you like to read books, I totally recommend this product. I love reading books and the kindle paperwhite really helps. I used to read books on the iPad all the time but it would strain my eyes. After reading all the reviews I decided it was finally time to get a ereader. Since I had my iPad already I just needed one to strictly read books, so I got the paperwhite. It is so nice to read from especially in the sun. It's almost like reading from the actual book. It's the perfect size to read in one hand and stores so many books, even some for my child. It's also great for traveling. I have all my books on hand no matter where I go.  There are only two cons to the paperwhite. One is that the touch screen is not that receptive as compared to an iPad. At times it doesn't register my swipes or taps. The other con is that it's only black and white. It really isn't a problem when I'm reading, just for the children's books.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought an extra power cord for my Echo a month ago but it has been on backorder. Then when I went to check, it was not scheduled to ship for another few weeks. I then saw this one, and it is new. I placed an order for it and it was at my door in two days with Prime.I love my Echo and wish I could buy another at the introductory rate that I did a year ago. We use it daily in our household, mainly for news and listening to music while cooking in the kitchen. We wanted another one for the main bedroom for the alarm, weather, and music. Having poor eyesight, it is nice to ask Alexa what the weather is rather then trying to find my glasses in the dark. I bough the extra cord and plugged it into my nightstand. I now unplug the one in the kitchen and plug it into the bedroom. Within a minute it is back online.So much easier than buying two Echos. Feels solid and just like the first one, very pleased.	iPhone
These are made for the Echo and as I use my Echo in a couple ends of the house so it is convenient to have the two of them	Lightning Charging Cable
My original power adapter has died. I purchased this. Works as designed, but even more, it's clearly a better engineered replacement unit. You can physically see the difference, from the connector cable, to the transformer body.	27in FHD Monitor
Our Alexa stopped working so Amazon customer service suggested I try purchasing a new adapter. It arrived and fixed the problem. It was a much cheaper, and easier fix than I anticipated. Very happy with this product!	27in FHD Monitor
Fixed problem after several power bumps/outages even with surge protector. Happy spending cost for new power adaptor vs. new Echo	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought Amazon Fire TV 2/16/15, this is NOT the replacement cord for my model.Be aware of what you are purchasing --- this is NOT a fit for the older Fire models.Alternate, non Amazon, power cords are available for the older version of Fire TV on Amazon.	
My puppy chewed up the power cord that's came with my Alexa. So relieved that I could get a replacement at a reasonable price.	Apple Airpods Headphones
This really helped me use my echo more- having 2 plugs helps make moving it to another room easier.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I PURCHASED THIS ITEM BACK IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2017. I RETURNED THIS ITEM WITHIN 30 DAYS OF PURCHASE. I MAILED IT BACK PER INSTRUCTIONS BY AMAZON. TODAY MAY 26 I RECEIVED AN E-MAIL FROM AMAZON THAT THEY FAILED TO RECEIVE THE ITEM BY JUL. 20 SO THEY WILL CHARGE MY CREDIT CARD. I HAVE TO ASSUME THAT SOMEONE IN AMAZON RECEIVING DID NOT DO THEIR JOB LOGING IN THE ITEM OR US MAIL LOST THE ITEM. EITHER WAY I AM SCREWED.	USB-C Charging Cable
My kitten chewed through the power cord that came with our Echo and I had to order a new one. I was disappointed that I had to buy another plug instead of being able to buy a replacement cable like most USB cables. I bought a cord protector for this Echo power cord so that hopefully I won't have to buy another one due to a destructive kitten.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Thanks to Amazon for standing behind the product they sell, mine quit working after a year and replaced it. GREAT!	USB-C Charging Cable
My Amazon Echo did not power back on after we had a loss of power, even though we had it plugged into a surge protector. I am almost a full year out of warranty for my echo and Amazon sent me this power plug for free and almost like magic my Echo came back to life as soon as it was plugged in with this new power adapter. Yay, we have Alexa back in our lives! Hooray!	iPhone
A while ago, my Echo power supply stopped working. At the time, Amazon was out of the OEM power supply and provided me with a replacement from China. That one worked but was bulky and not as good looking as the OEM one, so I decided, when Amazon had caught up with back orders, to reorder a 'real' power supply. Very glad that I did.Sleek, stylish power supply for my Amazon Echo. Works as it should, and hopefully will last longer than my previous power supply!	Apple Airpods Headphones
As expected but cost too much. I felt amazon should have covered the failed power supply under warranty but this fixed it.	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this thinking it was needed for the Echo that I purchased. It was not. However if I ever want an Amazon Fire TV it will be ready.	USB-C Charging Cable
My Echo's power adapter began making a tiny but very audible noise that was disconcerting. My Echo continued to work well, but I needed to get rid of the aggravating and disconcerting noise, so I bought another adapter. This adapter works without making any noise. I am pleased with it.	USB-C Charging Cable
This tablet could be so much better if the apps actually worked decently. The built in Amazon pieces for Prime members is great and work flawlessly. But it's not enough to overcome the terrible app behavior and countless freezes. They need to take a lesson or two from Apple.	USB-C Charging Cable
I needed a tablet to keep at the hospital during overnight stays so I decided based on price to get the kindle 8 and I am pleased I did! For only $89 the bright picture, sound, storage, and ease of use is well worth it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a gift for my mom and couldn't be more pleased at how she is enjoying it.	Wired Headphones
very glad I bought this tablet, The price was good and my friends love it	Wired Headphones
Excellent tablet! I purchased for someone in a nursing home and she loves it!	Flatscreen TV
Why buy an I-pad when you can pay much less for a tablet that will do everything you need it to do, plus you get all the cost benefits of Amazon purchasing. One of the best buys on the market.	Lightning Charging Cable
Any one who doesn't want to spend too much money and get a tablet for kids it is perfect for them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
"I like it a lot. Got it just to be able to get on line while husband was on the laptop but there is so much more. Very user friendly. A few basic directions and you breeze through most set ups. I can check the breaking news, weather or look up an address etc.& be out the door meanwhile the laptop is still booting. The Fire shut down (Moko case) is merely shutting the cover. Weak spot; For listening to music has rather poor sound but movies, shows, voices etc are clear & fine. Will be getting the Fire Stick shortly. No opinion on camera/video yet."	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My wife has used a Kindle Fire for years now and it was time to upgrade her. This device went on sale right before Mother's Day and I knew it was time to upgrade her 3 year old device. I picked a color and ordered and delivery to the store and pickup was just in time for the weekend. Overall, great product and great service from Best Buy for getting it to me in time.	iPhone
I love the kindle. I have had 4 versions now. (None of them broke down, I just upgraded) The new one has more storage space and handles everything I want to do. It is the perfect size and easy to carry. The Fire products are just a great deal.	Google Phone
Next release includes Alexa the famous personal assistant - so add to all the features and great value on this generation and another price drop as well!!!!	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I just enjoy and find it easier to read on this than my iPad. I replaced my old Gen 1 Kindle Fire and this doesn't disappoint.	Lightning Charging Cable
It was a great experience. I will be back in the future!!	Flatscreen TV
How can you beat a good android based tablet under $100? By making it an Amazon tablet. Great product works great will be using this for years.	Flatscreen TV
Very happy with this product. It is a great deal at this price point	USB-C Charging Cable
I use my Fire every day. I'm very satisfied with it's performance and size. The battery last a long time, so I can use the Kindle for hours without recharging.	Lightning Charging Cable
Gave this as an early bday gift for a friend that hooked me on eReaders. The improvements to the time it holds a charge and screen size are awesome!	Apple Airpods Headphones
"The Kindle Fire HD8 6th Generation is Wonderful! My old, old, old one was the 7"" screen which was fine, but the 8"" is even nicer. It still fits easily in my purse to take along with me. It's great having the camera which takes nice pics. I haven't tried the ""Alexa"" feature yet, so can't say much about that. The blue shade feature is wonderful for night time reading in bed. With my old one, even on the lowest setting, it would still disturb my husband sometimes. The blue shade provides a soft, gentle color that is easy to read and easy on your eyes. Using the internet is much quicker and smoother on this version as well. It's just better suited to it than my older version was. My only complaint is that the choices for cases are much more limited than cases for the older versions. After lots of searching, I found one on Amazon that I really like, but didn't have much choice in designs/colors.Overall I LOVE my Kindle!"	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
"I already had the Kindle Fire 7"", and this KF8 not only has a bigger picture screen but is faster."	Apple Airpods Headphones
I am 75 and enjoy it very much. Great for reading.	Google Phone
Meets the needs. very well designed and a good place to start for reading ebooks and watching online shows on the go.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love this tablet. It is a perfect size, works great and was very affordable.	iPhone
Best tablet hands down for kids! Great parental controls and content selection is awesome with Amazon Freetime!	iPhone
Does exactly what I wanted. Highly recommend for an inexpensive travel reader.	Lightning Charging Cable
My mom loves this More space and functions very well!	Apple Airpods Headphones
So easy to use and keep track of what children are doing .	LG Washing Machine
We bought one for one of my kids for their birthday and his brother liked it so much that he bought himself one with his birthday money.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet has exceeded all of my expectations. This was purchased to replace a 4 year old iPad mini, and I could not be happier. This work great.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I purchased one for myself, then went back bought one for my niece. Then thought how much I love the ease and function of the Kindle got my sister one. I can't say how much I use my Kindle my niece and sister agree best gift I every gave them.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Original purchase for Amazon Fire HD 8 32 GB model put on backorder and cancelled by local Elk Grove CA Best Buy store. Purchased Amazon Fire HD 8 16 GB model from local Best Buy store. A total of $29.99 Sales Tax, Fees & Surcharges were not returned from original Order Number: BBY01-800223005180. Why was the $29.99 not returned? The Amazon Fire HD 8 16 GB (6th Generation) works good.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great tablet for the price. Gave it my not so tech savvy mom for her birthday and she loves it!	Wired Headphones
This is a very nice Tablet and for the Price I think is a great Price/performance ratio. Enjoying it very much so far. The only con so far is that does not come open to Access google play store, though there are some work arounds. Nice size and excelent resolution for ocasional streaming.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Does everything I need. Can watch movies and read books.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good this is an excellent tablet, I will recommend it	Wired Headphones
"I absolutely love this tablet!!! If I had bought this prior to buying my Kindle Paperwhite e-reader, I would have not purchased the e-reader at all, however it's nice to have just a designated e-reader device. The size is perfect! I am actually going to use this device instead of my 17"" laptop to check my emails during the day."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This was my second e reader and I love it easy to operate along with a lot of apps available.	Product
It was time for me to upgrade and glad I did. This Fire HD 8 is bigger, more apps, easier to switch from one application to the other, features more songs, great addition of audible, and glad this version includes a charger. I love the fact that I can play movies and fall asleep. Once the movie is done, the table goes off. This is a cheap tablet, but you get more bang for your buck!	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my sister after her child stepped on her laptop and broke the screen! She is in love with it - it's just the right size for her to do her photo editing, surf the web, watch videos, etc. It's quite durable as well - seeing as how a four-year-old has his hands on it quite often :)The only thing that could be improved is the camera quality - but we didn't buy it to take pictures with. Just to edit them!	USB-C Charging Cable
This generation works much better than my previous Kindle Fire. I'm very happy with it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Slow response. Wait 5 sec to turn a page. Frustrating. Best Buy says too bad so sad for me.	Wired Headphones
My only wish is I would be more computer litterate. I have trouble understanding what to do next to continue so I go back to start of games. I bought for the Kindle and reading apps. but have put netflix on it	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I purchased the Fire Tablet basically as an e-reader. However, after finding out how to install the Google Play Store, it is much more. Nothing speedy or top of the line, but what would one expect for the price. No regrets!	Lightning Charging Cable
2nd one I've purchased! Does not run down charge quickly.l	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Good tablet althought the availability of apps thru their appstore is limited.	Flatscreen TV
Love the no glare feature. Perfect for outdoors. This is light weight and will be great for travel.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Works great. But could use more apps and less preloaded junk.	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this tablet for my 4 yo and 9 yo. Tablet was perfect for their use of watching movies and kid games	Apple Airpods Headphones
Just what my 10 year old needed to take her tech to the next level. Love the parental controls to keep her safe online	Google Phone
Bought four of these for grandkids. Suitable for adults, super fast, great operating system.	Wired Headphones
Extremely easy to setup. Good screen quality, good battery life. Extremely pleased.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is my third Kindle Fire. It works beautifully. The only problem I have is little details that are different from previous model. (I'm getting used to it!) As I go I'm learning.....	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Having not used android before I found this tablet very easy to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Good and smooth speed. Long battery with quick charge	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Provides all the advantages of a kindle reader plus many of the aspects of a smart phone - less of course the telephone	USB-C Charging Cable
My son and I love the tablet. Works great! Thanks!	Wired Headphones
Still not able to connect to wifi so I am unable to give a recommendation.	Lightning Charging Cable
Picked this up to keep the book reading and main tablet games on different devices. Been working good so far for the whole family.	USB-C Charging Cable
It is ok but I like my bigger screen one but it broke in less than two years	20in Monitor
I am happy with my item.i enjoy my product. I always shop best buy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
i upgraded from an older kindle that wasn't backlit. The quality and ease of use is much better and I love the backlit feature!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
excellent quality, easy to use. perfect screen size and picture quality. Not slow at all. very efficient.	USB-C Charging Cable
Love the tablets,they are a good deal for the money. My grandson loves it.	20in Monitor
This is a very nice tablet for my GF who has never had one before.	Flatscreen TV
Bought for the rugrat for the summer. So far she loves it!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Bought this for my very busy sister of two so she didn't have to lug a laptop around. She loves it - the quality of use (camer, web browsing, speed, etc.) was much more than we expected! Great item!	20in Monitor
Bought a new Fire tablet for my wife for a Mother's Day gift to replace an old tablet. She is fully enjoying the new device and fashionable case. Best Buy staff were very helpful too.	Lightning Charging Cable
I purchased this tablet as a gift for a graduate based on the recommendation of a Best Buy Associate. The graduate has provided great reviews and continues to use it. It was easy for her to set up and she able to access apps and programs that meets her needs. I woul recommend this tablet based upon my experience.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Awesome tablet my wife loves it, got it for a present, read books surf the net watch Hulu and Netflix real cheap	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a replacement for a poorly functioning new purchase of a Kindle 7. Seems to be working fine, but some games loading from Amazon have issues.	iPhone
This is the 4th Kindle we have.my wife had the older one she loves the camera and the size.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great table. Great price i recomend this product im very happy	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This table working perfect. Ir has very good resolution	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
My father was visiting and broke his tablet and I able able to pick this up in the store the same day.	Wired Headphones
This is my first fire. I am enjoying the apps. It was easy to set up. The instructions are clear and easy to understand. I will recommend this product to others.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got this for my mom for Mother's Day and she loved it	34in Ultrawide Monitor
This is just as good for many of the everyday type stuff as the ipad but at a fraction of the price. The only thing that I would change is making the volume louder.	20in Monitor
Perfect gift for your kid .. will enjoy playing and learning with it	USB-C Charging Cable
I love the quality and ease of using the kindle fire. I will like to purchase more for my family for xmas.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The tablet periodically shuts off for no reason. I have contacted Amazon but their only suggestion was to reset to factory default.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
My wife loves this kindle big upgrade over her 3rd gen. Works just as well as a tablet as an ereader	Wired Headphones
It is a good device consider its low cost. Display isn't great plus the Amazon version of the OS is inferior comparing to Android.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This little tablet was a great purchase. My kids used it on a long trip, and they mostly watched videos and played games. The screen is pretty poor compared to higher-end models, but it's pretty great for the price. There are certainly superior tablets out there, but if you need a cheap tablet, this is certainly worthy of 5-stars for the class. The operating system, the touch screen, and the screen quality themselves are drastically lower-quality than a Surface, iPad, or Galaxy Tablet, but so is the price. So as long as you aren't expecting this device to rival an iPad retina screen, you should be pleased.	Google Phone
This tablet is great for a beginner. It is really inexpensive and does a great job for a young kid. I purchased this for my nephew. He loves it.	Google Phone
If you have a Amazon prime account this will be useful for you instead of using another device.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
First time buyer of an Amazon tablet and it was a great decision. Very easy setup and my mom found it easier to use than the unit it replaced.	Wired Headphones
Bought for drivers to log into peoplenet for work. Very easy to navigate. We luv it	Lightning Charging Cable
I like the 2 way camera. Took a while to get used to it. I had a very old Kindle so this is way better.	Flatscreen TV
Works fine, don't like the ads. Easy to use speed ok.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought a tablet first had for a month hated it. Replaced it with kindle other people recommended. Love it	Wired Headphones
My husband wanted a tablet, mostly for reading books. He had looked at some but hadn't purchased one. I went online and read reviews and picked this one. He has been so pleased and uses it all the time.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Very happy with my new tablet. Everything is assessible and easy to find. Great pic quality. My 10 year old loves it and has taken ownership of it which shows how easy it is to use.	Flatscreen TV
If you are an Amazon Prime member this tablet works well. It is designed so you have easy access to Prime Books, Amazon Music.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
A great small tablet - works very well for a young person.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Use this on flights to watch movies and pass the time!	27in FHD Monitor
I have two of these. You can not beat the price and it's just as good as the really expensive ones! I love that you can expand the storage space as well!	34in Ultrawide Monitor
It's a decent tablet for the price, especially if you have Amazon Prime. The ads are really annoying though and you have to pay to turn them off or pay extra for a tablet that comes without ads.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my kindle fire. It is a 16 GB but I change it to 32GB.	Google Phone
I have 2 iPad at home but I use Amazon Kindle fire for study. Very easy to use and light enough to hold in hand for long time.	Wired Headphones
Kindle Fire continues to be my fav device to keep in touch with family and friends...internet, Facebook, messenger, email, movies, books, music...does it all. I'm never bored!!	Lightning Charging Cable
Bought this for my child and has been exactly what was needed. A cheaper and possibly better option to the iPad.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I purchased this tablet because of its reputation very satisfied	Flatscreen TV
Grandkids loved it the perfect xmas present for ages 5 to 15	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not a great display for watching movies! Reading books on here is very cool	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
For the money, this is a steal. Highly recommend. My wife loves it.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet does everything that i could ask and the HD display is great. Ready to purchase a second one. My wife loves it so much I need one of my own.	USB-C Charging Cable
I love love love this tablet. My old hp tablet finally quit working and check around what would serve my needs and this was it	Flatscreen TV
Wanted something cheap to bring on flights and this did not disappoint. Battery life is good and screen is average at best.	iPhone
Excellent tablet for the price. We bought it as a child's tablet to surf and play games. Has tons of free apps for kids.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Small enough for a purse and works great. I would recommend memory card.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This was a gift for my 7 year old grandson. He loved it. It's easy for him to use and the parental controls were perfect to keep him away from inappropriate content. Hours of entertainment for traveling. Great for games and movies for some quiet down time.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Purchased this for my mother-in-law who wanted a basic tablet for FaceTime, viber, email etc. and it has been perfect for her so far. Camera is decent too and you really cannot go wrong for this price.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for mothers day and she hasn't put it down yet.	Google Phone
My kids liked it very much.It is a good worth tab.	USB-C Charging Cable
I purchased 3 of these and I loved them, until I tried a Samsung tablet. I rather have a Samsung vs the Amazon fire, but they are great for the price.	iPhone
VERY parent friendly! Extremely thorough parental controls. We were told at the store there was no way to block internet or control other content on a tablet, so we decided not to get one. Then, we read about the integrated parental controls with the Fire and gave it a try. It allowed us to do everything we wanted and more. Also, very easy set up and use!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Great for books, netflix, or social media. Real handy!	Wired Headphones
"Enjoying the Fire for reading & more; still exploring all the uses"	Flatscreen TV
I purchased this for our kids for a road trip, we loaded some movies prior to the trip and I must say it was very quiet for once. At night I was able to use it to catch up on some reading. Nice tablet for the price.	Google Phone
Thanks for making the purchase easy The product is good	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Would recommend this to others better than kindle fires of best	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for my mom who is 93 and her other Fire deceased. It was very easy for me to set up for her and transfer over her account information. She has really enjoyed using it and has even started using some new apps. Due to her age and my not living closer, it would be nice to be able to have a print copy of how to do things. Otherwise it is surprisingly easy for her to use.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I had known Amazon was going to release the next Generation a few weeks after I bought this one! OTOH, my wife is happy with it. It just offended my geek side. However, it has Alexa and integrates well with my Philips Hue equipment.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great quality picture and sound for the price! Easy to navigate through menu's and app's.	USB-C Charging Cable
"It is ok to be a ""android"" tablet with such a low price. But the display is not good as they described.It hurts my eyes after long use."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Not disappointed, if you want good screen for movies, this is it	Lightning Charging Cable
This is great starter tablet for tweens and mature adults. The only issue I have is the forced ads on the homescreen.	ThinkPad Laptop
My kids have gone through several Amazon Tablets and this one is by-far the best one I have seen.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a good basic tablet. It does every thing it is advertised well. Great if your a real amazon fan.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Great tab for the money. Good for gaming reading or general streaming.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Best investment in a tablet ever. It takes good videos which I used a lot for my sisters competitions. Can type a paper. Light and easy to use. Purchased all my school text books on here instead of carrying 50 pounds. Battery lasts. And good to watch movies on. Absolutely love it add a memory card to it and you'll be able to use it for whatever and wherever.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Excellent product for the price. Would recommend to anyone.	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased for 8 yr old daughter. It's easy for her to use and allows me to set time limits on her game, internet and streaming.	iPhone
I never thought I would ever purchase a Kindle device for reading books, but now that I have one, I wish I would have done this a long time ago. I enjoy being able to read anywhere. Plus being able to purchase a book anytime I want is such a nice feature.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my Kindle Fire! I like the bigger screen of the HD8 versus the 7.	iPhone
I also have a fire and like it's overall performance.	Wired Headphones
For the price, it's tough to get a better tablet than the Kindle Fire. It's not the same quality as higher priced tablets, and you're locked into Amazon's ecosystem, but if you're an Amazon Prime member and are looking for an affordable tablet, the Kindle Fire is a good choice.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Decent speed and a nice screen make this a great device for the money. I find myself using it more and more.	Apple Airpods Headphones
I bought this for my son and I couldn't be happier. I would definitely recommend this product to family and friends	34in Ultrawide Monitor
Love the easy use of the system and the lots of books you can get from amazon	USB-C Charging Cable
upgraded from prior models and like all new features	Apple Airpods Headphones
Excellent for avid readers, this has all the bells and whistles	Apple Airpods Headphones
Ordered it for a friend so that he could do his bible study, n play games n read books . He loves it	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I needed something to download and to read books and didn't want a large bulky item. This product was perfect for that. Also easy to use for a Boomer.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Works as well as any of the other more expensive tablets. Resolution is great and size is practical.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We bought this for my Mother in Law for Mother's Day. She's not very tech but she's had no problem using.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
My new kindle is great for for my bible classes. I can reference the Catholic Bible and Catholic Catechism easily and download readings. I got one for my friend too.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Love my Kindle, easy to use and works great! Would recommend.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have bought 3 months ago and it is working very good. my kid is enjoying on holidays	Flatscreen TV
This is a great inexpensive tablet for beginners. It also has access to Amazon Prime's Library for Music and Video. I would highly recommend it.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
My mom loves it. It gives her the very limited internet access she chooses and it's compact to go in her purse!	USB-C Charging Cable
Purchased for my 9 year old. Great for kids. Ads on lock screen are annoying and battery life is not as I'd like, and takes a long time to fully charge. Must prepare and charge overnight.	USB-C Charging Cable
I have owned a kindle before & prefer it to an ipad	USB-C Charging Cable
I got it as a gift for Mom. She loves it! It is not to complicated.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it! Perfect size to carry with me in my purse.	Wired Headphones
I like the kindle 8 very much. I enjoy all the additional options it provides as well as the ease of using it. It will provide me with ability to be in contact with family and friends while on vacation.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought 2 for kids taking a long flight . It was perfect size for movies and games. Easy travel size	Bose SoundSport Headphones
This is a great starter tablet for kids and adults alike. It's always at a great price and works beautifully.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this as a gift for my mom and she loves it. The only downfall is there is no google play.	Macbook Pro Laptop
Steady learning new things daily on my new Kindle.	Wired Headphones
This was just the right screen size. We were price shopping and luckily found it on sale too.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
This tablet was very reasonably priced and easy to use. I find that I am using it much more frequently than I thought I would. The only gripe that I have with it is that it's hard to download apps that are not Amazon connected. I'm still trying to get Dropbox for example.	Wired Headphones
"Tablet is a bit smaller than I imagined for an 8"" tablet and thin and flimsy (I don't like super thin tablets). The color is a bit washed out and there is no way to make the colors darker or richer. Frustrating that you cannot use Google Play store and the sound is not very loud either. It's ""ok"", I expected it to be better but for simple uses it's fine. Photos are also grainy and faded. It does record in rather low lighting which helps me personally and the battery charge holds a long time. The Tangerine color is also very nice and it's fairly simple to use. Overall, I would have expected a better product, but again for simple use it's ok. Will upgrade to a better product eventually. I was spoiled by my 2013 color Nook."	Lightning Charging Cable
Very basic. If you need more than the basics, look for an Android tablet.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice and light. Does not have as good of battery as advertised but still very nice.	27in FHD Monitor
This is my second fire I used last one all the time between grandkids and myself time to pass the old one down for them to use.	Lightning Charging Cable
Works great and enjoy using it. No problems yet. Might get another one soon.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love my new Fire HD and it takes great photos! It has a nice size screen but is compact enough to fit in my purse.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Perfect size reader. Beautiful screen for video viewing	20in Monitor
Perfect for what I want to use it for. Nice size too	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
Great quality, over priced apple tablets! Fire has domain! Simplicity! Overall easy to navigate!	Lightning Charging Cable
best one yet for the money however when it rains iy rains	Apple Airpods Headphones
Tablet is very good. I have a lot of apps and pretty much do my homework there	iPhone
Got this for my wife for reading Kindle and ordering on Amazon. It is a nice unit, has quick response time and was a good value.	Lightning Charging Cable
Solid tablet with good performance, WiFi connectivity and app availability. It doesn't have all the breadth of apps that iOS or Android has, but the choices are reasonable. Most importantly (for me), this Fire HD tablet is a very good web browser, eReader and video streaming device. So, I would rate it highly for these functions alone	LG Washing Machine
This is a great device for book readers! It's larger than the former kindle, has great light and easy to operate.	Macbook Pro Laptop
I live on my fire tablet and love this one, great graphics and speed	USB-C Charging Cable
We bought this for my Mother in law who isn't very tech savvy. She has no problems using	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
I have been an Apple user and this is my first Kindle as a gift from my husband. I am impressed with the display. Great price point. I don't like the ads that I have to put up with. I didn't know I have to pay to remove them. Thumbs down!	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Wonderful kindle, i have been reading a lot of things that I now can reach	Lightning Charging Cable
Like the screen,easier to read.happy that we bought it	27in FHD Monitor
I really like the price and quality of the product	34in Ultrawide Monitor
We purchased this for our son who starts school next year. This is a great upgrade from his Nabi. My only complaint would be the memory, or lack there of. It is expandable so I highly recommend a micro SD.	Lightning Charging Cable
My GF really likes this. She watches Netflix and other programs on it all the time.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet really help me out, as a great gift for my nephew	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this case for my son, fits perfectly! Easy to put on, love it!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The only thing holding this device back is Amazon's unwillingness to play nice with other media companies and as a result it is very difficult to obtain certain digital items on this device if it is not immediately available on the Amazon store. Even so, very good purchase.	USB-C Charging Cable
Bought for my mother in law and she hasn't had any issues with it. Runs her games and internet browser fine.	Lightning Charging Cable
My mom was looking for a affordable tablet. I bought mine at best buy last November. I recommended the fire tablet and she loves it.	USB-C Charging Cable
Picture quality is so much nicer than my old reader.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It is easy to use & is small & compact. I can read my email, shop, read books., take pictures & play games all at my fingertip.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Easy to use for a beginner. This is my first tablet and I thought I'd have to take advantage of the free setup but I didn't . I love being able to take it with me so I can read while waiting places and not have to carry two books if I'm close to the end of one. I also love the camera. My personal camera was always low on battery power but now I can take my Kindle Fire with me and take photos when ever I want.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Nice reader, good screen, easy to use, and the camera is a nice bonus.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Great screen clarity and rapid turn on.All function you need in a transportable tablet	Lightning Charging Cable
Purchased as cheap alternative to an Ipad for my son.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
i very happy with my tablet i love it and if i ever get a new one it will be bigger love it	Flatscreen TV
Good tablet for a good price. Great for our 8 year old	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I bought this new Kindle Fire HD 8 just to have a larger device. I've had a 7 for many years and love it. This is just a case of size does make a difference. The only downside is that the multiple chargers I've got don't fit the 8 so I'm left with just the one that came with the device.	Apple Airpods Headphones
Great tablet great screen built well responds well	27in FHD Monitor
I have enjoyed many features this tablet has to offer.	Google Phone
Nice little tablet does what o want it to do will definitely buy again	27in FHD Monitor
I love it, am a big reader and enjoy having the fire. Beacuse I get to read and surf the internet. And is small not to big	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Like that I can send and receive e-mails and do general office work and use for pleasure and research.	Lightning Charging Cable
good product but very hard to customize like real androids. Can not install firefox or other SW that Amazon deems a competition...too bad	USB-C Charging Cable
I like the new kindle I purchased. I like the home screen better than older versions.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
she says it gives her what she wants and love it very much.	20in Monitor
I really like the large screen. Excellent graphics	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this with every intention on reading more. Unfortunately I haven't the time. Still. Happy with functionality and options. Would purchase for a family member	Apple Airpods Headphones
It's a cheap version to allow my wife to read books and such. No pretense that it's anything like an iPad but it's doing exactly what it should do for the price point it's set at.	27in FHD Monitor
Needed something smaller than a laptop to carry around. This is perfect.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
"I'm truly elated with the Amazon Fire HD 8 tablet. I originally purchased this product specifically to attached to my Tablet Holder on my Nordic Track Treadmill, which already has a built-in tablet. However, I was so taken back by the versatility of the Fire HD 8 tablet that I decided to use the tablet as my everyday ""walk-about"" computer tablet instead on placing on my treadmill which I only use 1 to 3 times per week. I totally recommend the Fire HD 8 Tablet which on sale cost about $69.00."	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I have never had so many issues with a kindle and I have purchased alot. It's slow. It shuts off whenever it wants, the sd card dosent read half the time. And when it does it seems to be downloading it. And it deleted apps off my other kids kindle or adds when I do ... very very stupid . It has cracked . And I have never dropped it . It isn't made well. I am going to return it and I will probably never buy another kindle . HORRIBLE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Really nice tablet full of content when using Amazon prime account. Great gift for any holiday or birthday	USB-C Charging Cable
I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. I can't seem to keep her off of it now. What a great Buy.	Lightning Charging Cable
Love everything about this television. Quality is great!Price is great!Happy all around!	iPhone
the recipient of this gift was very happy to receive it. worked great	Lightning Charging Cable
My 5 years old son has loads of fun with this tablet. I would buy again.	Google Phone
Found this tablet to be very intrusive with adds, almost forced to use credit card to make things work.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
Got it for my husband....he loves it! I wish I had gotten it for him sooner!!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The Kindle Fire HD 8 is great for users of all types!	AA Batteries (4-pack)
I love it. It is just as they said. Kindle fire hd.	Lightning Charging Cable
Wish I could download Google Docs but otherwise very happy with my kindle fire.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I love my kindle fire I downloaded books easy . Thank god for that !	ThinkPad Laptop
Nice little tablet and the price was perfect. Can take it anywhere	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
We've been a FIRE fan since day-one and this one does not disappoint! Get it! You won't regret it!	Lightning Charging Cable
Brought for my wife . She loves it. She spends a lot .	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
What you think you need more than a Kindle to surf the web? You don't. Cheap and effective. Plus it's an alarm clock too, plus with the right apps it's a radio, what's that you say a clock/radio? You know it hipsters.	Wired Headphones
Ordered one for my daughter. It's the fourth Kindle we have bought and love them. Perfect for watching videos and movies.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought it for Christmas. The picture is great and memory is plenty	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
The general use for this tablet is only worth for Amazon users mostly so unless your buy and use Amazon products, I don't recommend this to anyone else. The tablet is not excellent compared to others but it is fairly good for an affordable price.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
Bought this for my sister. This has replaced her I Pad. She loves it.	34in Ultrawide Monitor
I had to replace my original Kindle and decided to buy the Kindle fire. The Fire has so many more abilities than my old Kindle but it is difficult to read in direct sunlight.	Lightning Charging Cable
"This was a very good buy at a great price; the tablet works fine for the purpose in which it was purchased and I'm very happy."	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
This is a nice basic tablet for those not wanting to spend a lot of $$. Easy to use, nice HD resolution for games and even watching Netflix etc.	AA Batteries (4-pack)
The battery life is amazing and quickly gets a full charge	USB-C Charging Cable
I had an older Fire and I must say thus one is definitely an upgrade. Speed of browser and apps opening is faster. Color choices are nice !	AA Batteries (4-pack)
It is an amazon amazing among many things that can be used by many people and always will be a good product to use for many people to tryout and have an important experience for their family. Amazon Kindle fire 16gb with side that has slot for the extra memory in the form of a memory chip.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
Bought this for a Christmas Gift, the item is great	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
It has a delayed response. i can't access my email accounts unless I give Amazon access to control everything. I can't put my apps on my opening page. Amazon uses the Washington Post, I prefer the NYT. So far not a fan.	USB-C Charging Cable
You can't get much better than this for the price. My only critique is that they might as well have not included the camera because it's useless, but if you're using a tablet for the camera than that is already an issue. Good quality resolution, fast for internet browsing, expandable memory. Lots of positives to be found here.	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
This tablet is one of the best.You won't regret buying this one.Good work,Amazon.	Wired Headphones
Just picked up from BB a couple of hours ago. Screen in good and tablet seems faster than previous model possibly due to more memory. Battery so far seems very good.	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
I've had this tablet for several months now and have had no problems with it. 8 in screen is perfect easy to hold, not too big or too small. 16GB ROM(about 12gb available after updates and built in apps) is good if you don't have a lot of apps or games. The RAM could be bigger but it doesn't lag even with some medium gaming. 1.5ghz processor is not for heavy gaming, but for everyday use is great. The battery life is excellent I would say easily 8 hours or 5 to 6 if gaming. While this is not a HD display the colors are sharp, some glare if in the sun. Camera sucks but decent for the price, no issues connecting and syncing my data to my Amazon account. If you are an Amazon Prime member definitely buy this tablet and even if you aren't this tablet gives you a lot for the price. I wish Amazon would offer more than 90 day warranty but overall very impressed and satisfied with my purchase.	Apple Airpods Headphones
My only problem with this tablet is that after 6 months of use it stopped charging.	Wired Headphones
Good product if you don't want to spend money on iPad. Great just for surfing internet.	ThinkPad Laptop
Bought as a Mother's Day Gift. This is great for someone who does not already have a tablet, and is a bit uncomfortable with technology. The tablet guides you pretty well, and once we had it setup with OverDrive, the recipient was very happy. FREE LIBRARY KINDLE BOOKS!	ThinkPad Laptop
I love reading my books on this kindle. a little slow on processing on the web.	Bose SoundSport Headphones
I have enjoyed my kindle since purchasing it over 5 months ago. As a law student it's a great way to have all of my books on one device and accessible on the go.	Lightning Charging Cable
Buy a heavy duty screen protector had ours less than a month glass is shattered unable to find a place to fix it .. Do not buy this for kids grandson is 11 ...	27in FHD Monitor
Just love the new kindle fire hd8 does all that I want and then some	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	LG Washing Machine
	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
https://www.amazon.com/Certified-Refurbished-Amazon-Alexa-Remote/dp/B00UH4D8G2/	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
https://www.amazon.com/Certified-Refurbished-Amazon-Alexa-Remote/dp/B00UH4D8G2/	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
https://www.amazon.com/Certified-Refurbished-Amazon-Alexa-Remote/dp/B00UH4D8G2/	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
https://www.amazon.com/Certified-Refurbished-Amazon-Alexa-Remote/dp/B00UH4D8G2/	20in Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
https://www.amazon.com/Certified-Refurbished-Amazon-Alexa-Remote/dp/B00UH4D8G2/	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
https://www.amazon.com/Certified-Refurbished-Amazon-Alexa-Remote/dp/B00UH4D8G2/	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
https://www.amazon.com/Certified-Refurbished-Amazon-Alexa-Remote/dp/B00UH4D8G2/	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
https://www.amazon.com/Certified-Refurbished-Amazon-Alexa-Remote/dp/B00UH4D8G2/	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Vareebadd Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Google Phone
	LG Dryer
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	20in Monitor
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	iPhone
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
TRUE	iPhone
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	LG Dryer
FALSE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Vareebadd Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
FALSE	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
FALSE	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	iPhone
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
FALSE	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
FALSE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
TRUE	iPhone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Google Phone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Google Phone
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
FALSE	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
FALSE	27in FHD Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	20in Monitor
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
FALSE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
FALSE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
FALSE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	20in Monitor
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
TRUE	Flatscreen TV
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
FALSE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	20in Monitor
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Google Phone
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
FALSE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	LG Dryer
TRUE	20in Monitor
	iPhone
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	LG Dryer
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
FALSE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	LG Washing Machine
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
FALSE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Google Phone
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	iPhone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
FALSE	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
FALSE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
TRUE	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
TRUE	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Google Phone
	Vareebadd Phone
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Flatscreen TV
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	iPhone
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	iPhone
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
FALSE	27in FHD Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
TRUE	Vareebadd Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
FALSE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
FALSE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Google Phone
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	LG Washing Machine
	iPhone
TRUE	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
FALSE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
FALSE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
FALSE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Google Phone
	Flatscreen TV
FALSE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	iPhone
TRUE	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	Macbook Pro Laptop
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	LG Washing Machine
TRUE	Google Phone
	ThinkPad Laptop
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	iPhone
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
FALSE	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	LG Washing Machine
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	iPhone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	iPhone
FALSE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Vareebadd Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	20in Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Flatscreen TV
5	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Vareebadd Phone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
2	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
4	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
3	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Flatscreen TV
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	20in Monitor
	Google Phone
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Flatscreen TV
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	Wired Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
4	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Flatscreen TV
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
4	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	LG Washing Machine
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	20in Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
3	27in FHD Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
4	Flatscreen TV
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	Google Phone
	
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	LG Washing Machine
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Vareebadd Phone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	iPhone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Google Phone
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
4	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	iPhone
	20in Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	iPhone
5	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Flatscreen TV
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Flatscreen TV
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Flatscreen TV
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
3	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	27in FHD Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	LG Washing Machine
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	iPhone
5	Vareebadd Phone
	Wired Headphones
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
1	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	iPhone
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	20in Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	20in Monitor
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
1	LG Dryer
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	LG Dryer
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	iPhone
5	20in Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
3	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	LG Dryer
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
2	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Google Phone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Flatscreen TV
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	iPhone
	Google Phone
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
1	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Google Phone
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	iPhone
	27in FHD Monitor
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
4	Google Phone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
4	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
1	Google Phone
	27in FHD Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
2	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	iPhone
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	20in Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
2	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
1	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
2	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	ThinkPad Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
4	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
1	Lightning Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Vareebadd Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Vareebadd Phone
	iPhone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
1	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
4	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Flatscreen TV
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	iPhone
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Flatscreen TV
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	Google Phone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Flatscreen TV
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Google Phone
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Google Phone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	20in Monitor
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Flatscreen TV
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
1	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	Flatscreen TV
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Google Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	20in Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
3	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
3	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Google Phone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Product
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	LG Dryer
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	iPhone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	20in Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
3	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	iPhone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Wired Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Product
5	Google Phone
	iPhone
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	20in Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	Flatscreen TV
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Flatscreen TV
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
3	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Google Phone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
1	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
4	Wired Headphones
	LG Dryer
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
3	27in FHD Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	
	20in Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	iPhone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
4	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	iPhone
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	iPhone
	Vareebadd Phone
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	iPhone
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
3	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Google Phone
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
2	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
2	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Vareebadd Phone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	LG Washing Machine
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	LG Washing Machine
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
2	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	LG Dryer
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
2	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Product
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	20in Monitor
	iPhone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	LG Dryer
5	Vareebadd Phone
	Google Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	iPhone
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	LG Washing Machine
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	Flatscreen TV
5	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Product
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Google Phone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	20in Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
1	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
2	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	LG Washing Machine
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	LG Dryer
5	Flatscreen TV
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	LG Dryer
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	LG Dryer
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
3	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
3	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
1	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
4	LG Dryer
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Vareebadd Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
2	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
1	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Vareebadd Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	LG Dryer
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
1	20in Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Vareebadd Phone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	20in Monitor
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	LG Washing Machine
	Wired Headphones
3	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	iPhone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	iPhone
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	LG Dryer
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Flatscreen TV
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Product
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
3	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
2	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	LG Washing Machine
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
5	27in FHD Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	ThinkPad Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	LG Washing Machine
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
1	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Product
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	LG Washing Machine
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	20in Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	
	Wired Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
2	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
4	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Vareebadd Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	iPhone
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	LG Washing Machine
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	LG Washing Machine
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Vareebadd Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Vareebadd Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Google Phone
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Flatscreen TV
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	LG Washing Machine
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	20in Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Vareebadd Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Google Phone
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
2	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	20in Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
4	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	iPhone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Google Phone
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	LG Washing Machine
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	LG Dryer
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
3	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	LG Washing Machine
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Google Phone
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Product
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
5	iPhone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Vareebadd Phone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
2	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Product
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
5	27in FHD Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
2	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Google Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	LG Dryer
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	iPhone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	
	Wired Headphones
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Flatscreen TV
	Flatscreen TV
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	iPhone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	20in Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	LG Washing Machine
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
2	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	20in Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Google Phone
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Google Phone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
2	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
3	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Google Phone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Vareebadd Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	LG Dryer
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
3	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
4	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	LG Dryer
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
3	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	Google Phone
	Flatscreen TV
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Google Phone
5	Product
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Product
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
4	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	iPhone
	27in FHD Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	LG Washing Machine
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Vareebadd Phone
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Vareebadd Phone
	iPhone
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
3	27in FHD Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
2	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
3	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Google Phone
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Vareebadd Phone
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
3	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	iPhone
	Flatscreen TV
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Vareebadd Phone
	20in Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	iPhone
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Flatscreen TV
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Vareebadd Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
4	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Google Phone
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	LG Washing Machine
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
3	27in FHD Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Product
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	Vareebadd Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Google Phone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	iPhone
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
4	Google Phone
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	iPhone
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Vareebadd Phone
	Wired Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
3	iPhone
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Google Phone
5	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Vareebadd Phone
	iPhone
4	27in FHD Monitor
	20in Monitor
4	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
5	Vareebadd Phone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
1	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	iPhone
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	Flatscreen TV
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	LG Dryer
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	iPhone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	20in Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Wired Headphones
4	Flatscreen TV
	iPhone
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	iPhone
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	20in Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	20in Monitor
4	20in Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	27in FHD Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
2	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
0	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
5	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	iPhone
	20in Monitor
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	iPhone
5	Product
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	LG Dryer
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	LG Dryer
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	LG Washing Machine
5	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
0	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
0	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
0	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
0	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
0	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
0	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
FALSE	Flatscreen TV
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
FALSE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	LG Dryer
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
TRUE	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Product
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	LG Washing Machine
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Vareebadd Phone
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
TRUE	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	20in Monitor
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Macbook Pro Laptop
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	ThinkPad Laptop
TRUE	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Vareebadd Phone
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	20in Monitor
TRUE	Vareebadd Phone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	ThinkPad Laptop
	
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
FALSE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
TRUE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Vareebadd Phone
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
TRUE	27in FHD Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
FALSE	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	20in Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
TRUE	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
TRUE	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
TRUE	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Google Phone
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	iPhone
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
4	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
4	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	iPhone
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	LG Dryer
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
3	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
1	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Product
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	20in Monitor
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	27in FHD Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
3	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Google Phone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
3	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Google Phone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	20in Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	LG Washing Machine
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	27in FHD Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Google Phone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
3	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
2	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Google Phone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	LG Dryer
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Product
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	Flatscreen TV
	Google Phone
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	LG Washing Machine
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	27in FHD Monitor
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	iPhone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	iPhone
	LG Dryer
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
1	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
4	27in FHD Monitor
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Vareebadd Phone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	20in Monitor
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	27in FHD Monitor
	Google Phone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	20in Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
1	27in FHD Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	ThinkPad Laptop
2	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	iPhone
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Vareebadd Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	LG Washing Machine
	iPhone
5	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
4	Flatscreen TV
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
3	Vareebadd Phone
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Google Phone
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	LG Dryer
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	iPhone
4	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
5	Vareebadd Phone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Google Phone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	ThinkPad Laptop
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	27in FHD Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	iPhone
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Flatscreen TV
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
2	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Flatscreen TV
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Google Phone
	Vareebadd Phone
5	iPhone
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	20in Monitor
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	LG Dryer
	Wired Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
2	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
3	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Google Phone
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	LG Dryer
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Google Phone
4	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Vareebadd Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Vareebadd Phone
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Flatscreen TV
	Google Phone
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	20in Monitor
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	20in Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	iPhone
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	27in FHD Monitor
3	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
3	USB-C Charging Cable
	iPhone
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Google Phone
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Flatscreen TV
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	iPhone
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	20in Monitor
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Vareebadd Phone
	20in Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	Wired Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	LG Dryer
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Flatscreen TV
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in FHD Monitor
	Wired Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Flatscreen TV
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Google Phone
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Google Phone
	Google Phone
3	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
3	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Flatscreen TV
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	iPhone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	iPhone
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	iPhone
5	iPhone
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
3	iPhone
	27in FHD Monitor
4	Wired Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	27in FHD Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Flatscreen TV
	27in FHD Monitor
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	iPhone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	27in FHD Monitor
	ThinkPad Laptop
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
4	Wired Headphones
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Wired Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Wired Headphones
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	LG Dryer
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
4	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	Wired Headphones
5	Vareebadd Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	LG Washing Machine
	27in FHD Monitor
4	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Vareebadd Phone
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	20in Monitor
	Wired Headphones
5	iPhone
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Wired Headphones
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Wired Headphones
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
4	Apple Airpods Headphones
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Bose SoundSport Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Macbook Pro Laptop
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	USB-C Charging Cable
3	Apple Airpods Headphones
	iPhone
5	ThinkPad Laptop
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in FHD Monitor
5	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
	Flatscreen TV
5	34in Ultrawide Monitor
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Google Phone
4	Lightning Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	20in Monitor
5	Google Phone
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Macbook Pro Laptop
5	Wired Headphones
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	Apple Airpods Headphones
	USB-C Charging Cable
4	Wired Headphones
	20in Monitor
5	AA Batteries (4-pack)
	27in FHD Monitor
3	Vareebadd Phone
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	Lightning Charging Cable
4	Google Phone
	USB-C Charging Cable
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	LG Dryer
4	Macbook Pro Laptop
	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
5	Wired Headphones
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	20in Monitor
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
4	USB-C Charging Cable
	Lightning Charging Cable
5	LG Washing Machine
	Wired Headphones
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	27in 4K Gaming Monitor
5	iPhone
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	34in Ultrawide Monitor
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	Apple Airpods Headphones
5	Wired Headphones
	Bose SoundSport Headphones
5	AAA Batteries (4-pack)
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
5	USB-C Charging Cable
	AA Batteries (4-pack)
